{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Running The Grubby Dogs
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs26 Helpful
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The goblins of the Purple Bruise clan are less likely to aid the party in any capacity as their leader is a psychopathic creature, so there is little chance of immediate help from them. However the goblins on his side may be ready for a new leader and characters could be directed into defeating the Barghest without struggling through the entire complex. Nadso the goblin hexer might be behind such a coup, and send goblins out to the parley with the party.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 The First To Eat are much more likely to seek an alliance with the party, as their shaman has foretold of just such a group defeating the hated Screaming Two Skulls orcs. Having the party prove themselves by overthrowing Horse Gutter will give the party experience enough to journey further into the dungeon. As allies the goblins aren\'92t a great deal of use, although they could provide crude maps to some areas, details the inhabitants and possibly provide goblin treasure-bearers. \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Harmful
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 After an assault on the tribe by the party the goblin leaders thrown in their lot with each other and start cooperating. This leads to ambushes, makeshift traps and the potential of the goblins leading the wandering monsters of the level into combat with the party. This will continue until the shaman Reaping Madkin is sufficently convinced that the party or the saviours he dreamed about. However the Purple Bruise clan will trick the party into believing them allies all the while planning to ambush them when they are most vulnerable. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Disdainful
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The goblins see the party as any other competitor for the limited pickings found in the dungeon. When encountered they will attack if they feel they are likely to surprise or overwhelm the character and flee if not. Cornered goblins might barter for their lives with small bits of information they have gleaned about the dungeon.}