{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Rumours tables
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Many rumours, half-truths and inventions can be found about the Star Trap Dungeon. Depending how the players research such things they may hear of many such things.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Historical. (Clerics & Wizards)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 1. An ancient sorcerer queen built the dungeon. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 2. The dungeon was built to trap star light and make the night sky blank. (false)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 3. The dungeon has doorways to the stars deep within it. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 4. The dungeon is a huge purple worm hole. (false)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 5. A king lies buried in his hidden tomb on the first level. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 6. A coven of mystics sought to uncover the wisdom of those who first built the dungeon. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 7. The initial construction of the dungeon started deep underground. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 8. A empire was brought to ruin when it tried to control the dungeon. (false)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 10. At least 3 dragons have laired in the dungeon. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 11. A god has set foot in the dungeon. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 12. The Tool Of Summoning, an artifact of power is said to lie hidden in a lost tomb beneath the lower levels of the dungeon. (true)
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Word on the street. (Thieves)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 1. A goblin king rules the first level. (mostly false)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 2. A magic hole runs all through the dungeon. (mostly true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 3. The Black Iron ogre mercenaries can be hired in the dungeon. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 4. It's whispered that a network of traps lead to a fortune on the first level. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 5. The secret of turning clay into gold is hidden in the depths of the dungeon. (false)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 6. A band of trolls has been wandering the night near the dungeon. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 7. A breed of vicious orcs have invaded the first level. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 8. At least 2 other entrances to the dungeon exist other than the main doors. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 9. Water is strangely tainted and poisoned when brought to the third level. (false)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 10. Dwarf people offer slaves and magical weapons in the dim reaches of the dungeon. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 11. A huge network of roads are found below. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 12. Do not throw anything into the pit. (false)
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Arcane. (Wizards)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 1. A source of immense arcane power can be found within. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 2. Many spells were invented by wizards who once were lords of the dungeon. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 3. Elementals and demons stalk the corridors. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 4. An Archmage is said to have set his favourite spell on a series of stone tablets split across different levels of the dungeon (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 5. The Toolizith coven, an old older of wizards, warlocks and sorcerers were said to have been based in the dungeon. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 6. A gate to a realm of pure arcane energy is said to be open somewhere in the dungeon. (false)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 7. A huge magical obelisk is at the centre of the dungeon. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 8. Spells of cold are more potent in the dungeon. (false)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 9. A purple Dragon chased a party of warlocks through many levels once. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 10. Parts of the dungeon appear eaten by some magic force. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 11. Star pact warlocks used to make a pilgrimage to the dungeon. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 12. A quill that magically writes scrolls was lost within the depths. (false)
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Religious. (Clerics)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 1. Shrines to many gods are found within the halls. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 2. The god of secrets is said to have taken an interest in the dungeon at some point. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 3. Divine healing powers are unreliable within the complex. (false)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 4. A religious statue of some value was lost within the complex. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 5. Creatures of the Astral sea have a loathing for some kind of garden that can be found in the dungeon. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 6. Torog can be called up from the underdark in the dungeon by saying his name. (false)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 7. Two gods once fought a duel over a beautiful artifact found in the dungeon. (mostly false)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 8. A great pit lies within and a small sacrifice must be thrown in to it, else the demi-god who lives at the bottom of it becomes enraged. (false)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 9. The Necromancer Thandrak The Black controls a swath of the first level. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 10. A great temple to a forgotten god lies within the depths (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 11. Using divine scrolls in the dungeon can summon up demons (false)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 12. The teeth of a demigod are said to lie in a treasure chamber in the depths (true)
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Dungeoneering. (Dwarves)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 1. The many vaults, lairs, crypts and oubliettes of the dungeon branch of huge central corridors that wind down into the depths. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 2. Avoid the central corridor, many beasts from the underdark roam abroad along it. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 3. Fomorians built the second level. (false)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 4. A pillar of giant proportions runs through many levels of the dungeon. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 5. Beings from the deepest parts of the underdark are found crawling the halls of the dungeon. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 6. Sand, blessed by priests of the underdark beast god will reveal any trap found within the dungeon. (false)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 7. Aberrations of the horror worlds reside throughout the dungeon. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 8. Osenzenein built some of his infamous trapdens in the dungeon. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 9. Do not step on black tiles! (false)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 10. A pyramid to that who shall not be named is hidden in an oubliette in the dungeon. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 11. Beware the entrance, it is guarded on all sides. (true)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 12. Goats milk preserves food in the dungeon thanks to ancient blessing from the goat god. (False)}