{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Region one - Horse Gutter's domain
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs26 1. Long entrance corridor : door, smell, goblins, murals
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 The door to Horse Gutter's domain is barred from the inside. If the door is smashed in it will be repaired and reinforced if the majority of Horse Gutter's goblins still live between extended rests, at which point the check to break the barricade in becomes 6+ on a D6+Str and 12 hps to be open again. Smashing in the door will alert those inside. It is possible to bluff or use diplomacy to get the doors open, both require talking in Goblin and 5+ on a D6+Chr. Intimidation will only cause the goblins to get reinforcements, who may even scale down the outside and ambush the party from two sides.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 This long 10 feet wide corridor is both rubbish strewn and smelly. The floor is hewed stone and painted murals on the walls seem to depict ranks of bowmen raining arrows down on fleeing knights. Your torches pick out the forms of several green-skinned short and crooked humanoids all with overlarge ragged and pointy ears. They are clutching weapons and mustering to attack!\'a0
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 A 4+ on D6+Int or Wis check, or being a Dwarf will identify the smell and trappings of goblins, although this maybe obvious given the guards who keep watch here. Unless the party have already made a name for themselves amongst the goblin tribe, the warriors here believe they are up to the task of fighting off the adventurers and thus the rewards of picking the through the bodies of their kill for food, treasures and weapons. Tactically the goblins warriors will charge forward and attack, but shift back if possible to avoid potential counter attacks. The acolyte will scream orders and use ranged attacks, pushing back any who get through the warrior ranks. The sharpshooter will continue to launch arrows until closed in on, when it will attempt to flee towards the guard room in room 8. The debris has nothing of value hidden amongst it and is made up of discard bones, mud and leaves. The goblins in room 8 are likely to make an appearance after 3 or 4 rounds, especially if they can slip behind the party if the goblins here have retreated.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 4 goblin warriors, 1 goblin archer, 1 goblin acolyte. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Goblin warrior (AC 6/14, HD 1-1, hp 4, At 1d6, Mv 90/30, Sv 0h, Mr 7, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Spear, hand axe, club or short sword, Shield.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Goblin archer (AC 7/13, HD 1-1, hp 3, At 1d6 or 1d4, Mv 90/30, Sv 0h, Mr 7, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 +1 to hit with their short bows due to dexterity adjustment, dagger. Short bow, 1d12 arrows, daggers.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Goblin acolyte (AC 7/13, HD 1, hp 4, At 1d6 or spell, Mv 90/30, Sv C1, Mr 8, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 May cast randomly 1-2 Command, 3-4 Curse, 5-6 Cause Fear once per day. May use devices as a cleric. \'a0Sacred club, ritual dagger.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs26 2. Shooting gallery : goblins, boss, windows, rope
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 Awkwardly shaped but well lit, this chamber seems to contain living quarters and occupants as straw beds, stools and a table are apparent. Daylight streams in from two windows set into the far wall, making silhouettes of the handful of goblins standing before you and who are holding bows or other weapons ready. Crude skulls are daubed near the windows and seemed ranked against what might be names.\'a0\
\
Several goblin creatures armed with hunting bows lurk in darker parts of the room, led by a large and unsavoury goblin armed with a black iron battle axe and well used shield. 
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Ungully Headbreaker, a mean and hated underboss lairs here. He is in charge of shooting down anything or anyone approaching the dungeon entrance that doesn't seem too powerful. He never orders attacks on those who exit the dungeon, fearing retribution from below. He has a wary respect for the bowmen of the First To Eat clan and they generally share the spoils of animals or others that the two groups manage to kill out the dungeon, despite orders to the contrary. This is mostly to stop the other side from shooting his bowmen when the go out to fetch kills. He considers himself a tough veteran, who will order his sharpshooters to engage in combat to maximise the others ability to shoot while he picks his moments carefully. Sounds of combat will draw him and his men to the second gallery should the party approach from that direction. He will fight to the death, but if he dies before his followers they will flee towards 4. \'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 The windows give a good view onto the area before the entrance doors are narrow, but small creatures, such as goblins and halflings can fit through. There are coils of rope around to help with the climb down, should anyone do so succeeds on a 2+ on D6+Dex. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 4 goblin archers, 1 goblin bully with a cheaply jewelled dagger worth 50 gp.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Goblin archer (AC 7/13, HD 1-1, hp 3, At 1d6 or 1d4, Mv 90/30, Sv 0h, Mr 7, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 +1 to hit with their short bows due to dexterity adjustment, dagger. Short bow, 1d12 arrows, daggers.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Goblin bully (AC 6/14, HD 2, hp 10, At 1d8, Mv 90/30, Sv F1, Mr 8, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Battleaxe, shield.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs26 3. Second gallery : goblins, window
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 The second gallery is nondescript except for a patch of fresco that shows thin figures dancing around a strange spike of black rock. Two further windows light the chamber and are just big enough to climb out. Rope lies coiled in a corner. 
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The goblins here will probably be encountered in the shooting gallery (area 2) or at the guard station (area 4) unless they are surprised. They are universally cowards, so if they think they can get away with not being caught will flee or surrender.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 3 goblin archers.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Goblin archer (AC 7/13, HD 1-1, hp 3, At 1d6 or 1d4, Mv 90/30, Sv 0h, Mr 7, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 +1 to hit with their short bows due to dexterity adjustment, dagger. Short bow, 1d12 arrows, daggers.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 4. Guard station : guards, goblins, bully, flee
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 This square chamber ends in a heavy wooden door. Goblin drawings litter the walls showing scenes of violence and theft, while ceiling mould makes the room smell musty and damp. Two young looking goblin warriors are proudly clutching knives in defence, while a larger and fatter goblin seems to opening the door behind them.
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The guard station is here more to prevent light fingered goblins sneaking into Horse Gutters living area and store rooms than prevent a determined group. If a party appear without masking their approach the goblin bully Sloba Kneeeater will flee towards the Awaiting chamber (area 6) after commanding the young, brave and stupid runts to stop them. Sloba knows about the pit trap at 5. and will avoid it.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 4 goblin runts, 1 goblin bully
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Goblin runts (AC 7/13, HD 1-1, hp 1, At 1d4, Mv 90/30, Sv h0, Mr 6, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Knife or improvised weapon.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Goblin bully (AC 6/14, HD 2, hp 10, At 1d8, Mv 90/30, Sv F1, Mr 8, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Battleaxe, shield.\

\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 5. Horse Gutters entrance way : gruesome, rug, trap, pit, skeletons
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 This small chamber is furnished with numerous heads on poles, Skulls stacked in pile, while foul smelling incense fills the place with smoke and moth-eaten rugs line the entire floor. Badly cast bells line the walls with ropes made from strips of leather and horse hair. Two severed horses heads on poles frame a large double door, rotting away and attracting flies.
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The entrance way to Horse archers inner chambers. The bells are to be used by any wishing an interview with the Barghest. In front of the actual doorway is a false floor pit trap which collapses if approach directly. A 5+ on d6+Dex check is required to spot it. The pit beneath is 15 ft deep and half filled with bones, the fall causing 1d6+1. Two Skeletons have animated spontaneously over the years and will attack anyone who falls in.\'a0Previous victims have left behind 95 g.p., a leather pouch contain 2 small bars of silver worth 10 g.p. each, 2 short swords and a small well made metal shield. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 2 Skeletons (AC 7/13, HD 1, Hp 4, At 1d6, Mv 90/30, Sv F1, Mr 12, Al NE) Undead
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Double damage from smashing weapons, half damage from slashing and piercing. Hand weapon.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 6. Awaiting chamber : goblins, wizard, wolf, arcane symbols, chair, wand
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 Vivid purple and green runes and arcane symbols cover the walls of this large chamber. A chair of unusual design sits throne-like against one wall while threadbare rugs are laid out to mimic those of a royal chamber. The goblin inhabitants, seven in total, are bolstered by a large grey wolf that growls at you. The goblin sat on the chair appears to wear robes suited to a wizard, an image enhanced by the wand he holds, that glows with a white flame.
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Nadso Wildbiter, the crafty goblin hexamancer who lives here lords it over anyone wishing to to visit Horse Gutter, whom he acts as chamberlain. He is something of a coward and is reluctant to leave this chamber so is very unlikely to move to engage the party even if the goblins hear fighting from elsewhere. Nadso is the one who has covered the room in what he claims are arcane runes and symbols using purple and green inks, but they are mostly just random lines and circles, an arcane DC of 15 reveals that that are mostly fake and those at are true magical symbols have no power. However it impresses the others and it is generally believed by the tribe that Nadso can detect lies spoken here because of them. Nadso might strike a deal with a party that scares him, but otherwise believes his powers and allies are more than equal to the task of killing the characters. Nadso is somewhat susceptible to flattery (diplomacy or bluff) but will work to betray the adventurers to the betterment of himself. Nadso is armed with a wand of magic missiles with 5 charges.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 1 wolf, 1 goblin hexer, 3 goblin warriors, 3 goblin runts.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Wolf (AC 7/13, HD 2+2, hp 11, At 1d6, Mv 180/60, Sv F1, Mr 8, Al N) Animal
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Nadso Wildbiter - Hexamancer (AC 7/13, HD 1-1, hp 3, At 1d4 or spell, Mv 90/30, Sv M1, Mr 8, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 May cast Sleep and Hold Portal once per day. May use wand of magic missiles. Dagger. Wand (5 charges)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 3 Goblin Runts (AC 7/13, HD 1-1, hp 1, At 1d4, Mv 90/30, Sv h0, Mr 6, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Knife or improvised weapon.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 3 Goblin Warrior (AC 6/14, HD 1-1, hp 4, At 1d6, Mv 90/30, Sv 0h, Mr 7, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Spear, hand axe, club or short sword, Shield.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 7. Hexer's chamber : wizard\'92s lair, potion, poison, spell book, gold
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 A crude wizard\'92s lair has been set up in this long chamber. Workbenches covered in tubes, animal remains, pentagrams, odd devices and bubbling pots line the walls and a nest of straw and blankets rests against the far wall. The smell is almost toxic and stings your eyes a little.
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 This is Nadso's lair, where he performs research and indulges his deprivations. In typical fashion the place is a mess, crude work benches littered with paraphernalia which Nados thinks might improve his magical abilities are haphazardly arrange here. Half filled potions, glass beakers filled with eyes, dried bats, shorn rat pelts, crude pentagrams and hexagrams can all be found in amongst the debris. On the table is a potion of healing and an identical looking potion of Sludge Lung poison (drinking causes automatic save versus poison at -2, causing 1d8 damage per round until saved or dead). Nadso's spellbook contains the spells Detect Magic, Sleep, Hold Portal. The recipe for Sludge Lung poison is also written in Goblin and could be worth 100 g.p. to the right buyer. A rough straw mattress lies in one corner, underneath which lives a multitude of earwigs and also a purse containing 103 g.p. in various denominations.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 8. Guard room : guards, goblins, cell, zombie
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 A bare, twenty foot by twenty foot chamber appears occupied by more goblins. Two small doors line the east wall and rope tied to the furthest doors handle is held at the other end by a goblin barking orders at the others. Only a dice covered table and rickety chairs decorate the place while the walls may have once had frescoes upon them but are fair too faded to make out.
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Two warriors in this chamber are likely to join any battle in area 1, while the remaining goblins hold up here protecting to the door to room 9. The acolyte is holding the rope that with a sharp tug opens the door to area 8a, which confines the zombie. He will hold off pulling the rope until the party have engaged and are closer to the door than he is as the zombie will attack the living soul nearest to it. He will then bang on the door to 9 and run inside, looking for aid from the goblins there. The small in the south east is being used as a toilet and stinks unbearable.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 4 goblin warriors, 1 goblin acolyte, 1 zombie in 8a.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Goblin warrior (AC 6/14, HD 1-1, hp 4, At 1d6, Mv 90/30, Sv 0h, Mr 7, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Spear, hand axe, club or short sword, Shield.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Goblin acolyte (AC 7/13, HD 1, hp 4, At 1d6 or spell, Mv 90/30, Sv C1, Mr 8, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 May cast randomly 1-2 Command, 3-4 Curse, 5-6 Remove Fear once per day. May use devices as a cleric. \'a0Sacred club, ritual dagger.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Zombie (AC 8/12, HD 2, hp 10, At 1d6, Mv 60/20, Sv F1, Mr 12, AL CE) Undead
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Attacks last, critical hit instantly kills it, two successive hits on an opponent means the Zombie does not need to roll to hit and does 1d6 biting damage a round.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 9. Quarters : sleeping quarters, cowards, rumours
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 Strewn with straw beds, stools and other junk this square room seems to be living quarters for goblins, who are rushing about and screaming at you to leave. A few are armed and seem ready to defend themselves, but aren't actually attacking yet. Goblin graffiti covers the walls as high as they can reach however the ceiling has a huge green eye painted on it that stares down at you.
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The goblins here, including the acolyte from room 8 will defend themselves, but give the party the chance to talk first. A bluff, diplomacy and intimidation roll of 4+ on a d6+Chr will all reveal some or all of the following information, best gleamed through roleplaying the cowardly conniving goblins.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs26 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}This area leads only to more quarters and the kitchen.\
{\listtext	2.	}Outsiders shouldn't eat good goblin food as Maglubiyet has cursed it. (lie)\
{\listtext	3.	}Their great leader, who will surely eat the party, is called Horse Gutter and can be found by taking the stairs at the far end of the long corridor (area 1).\
{\listtext	4.	}They are members of the Grubby Dog Tribe and make up the Purple Bruise clan. The First To Eat clan are on the other side of corridor and are led by Heart Chewer, who will also surely eat the party if they should meet him.\
{\listtext	5.	}Both tribal chiefs have great riches, but the cannibal Orcs further in have much more.\
{\listtext	6.	}Horse Gutter is stronger than a Troll and casts spells from his eyes (lie).\
{\listtext	7.	}Heart Chewer is in league with demons (lie).\
{\listtext	8.	}Nadso the goblin wizard will blast you with his wand.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The goblins will not leave their quarters and when the characters leave some of them will follow someway behind, listening out for the sounds of battle. They'll then race to join their fellows, attacking from the rear if possible. If forced to do anything the goblins will swarm in against the apparent leader of the party.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 2 goblin warriors, 2 runts.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Goblin warrior (AC 6/14, HD 1-1, hp 4, At 1d6, Mv 90/30, Sv 0h, Mr 7, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Spear, hand axe, club or short sword, Shield.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Goblin runts (AC 7/13, HD 1-1, hp 1, At 1d4, Mv 90/30, Sv h0, Mr 6, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Knife or improvised weapon.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 9a. Quarters : rubbish, goblins, goblin children, cowards
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 More rubbish and bedding swamps this square chamber. The stink of goblin is strong and many mewing and malnourished goblin-brats huddle in the furthest corners with fear in their eyes.
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 If the characters manage to enter here without raising the alarm then six goblin adults are in attendance. They'll fight to defend their room and the children, but might well flee or offer the brats as slaves if the first round goes against them.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 2 goblin warriors, 4 runts. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Goblin warrior (AC 6/14, HD 1-1, hp 4, At 1d6, Mv 90/30, Sv 0h, Mr 7, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Spear, hand axe, club or short sword, Shield.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Goblin runts (AC 7/13, HD 1-1, hp 1, At 1d4, Mv 90/30, Sv h0, Mr 6, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Knife or improvised weapon.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 10. Quarters and shrine : statue, shrine, blessing, amulet, goblins
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 Again straw beds cover the floors in this red painted square room, however a wooden stand and 2 feet tall crude clay statue are against the far north wall. The statue has goblin-like proportions and a delicate golden chain fixed to some kind of orange amulet is draped around it.
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The goblins use this as quarters for the acolytes and a shrine to their prancing god. The statue is of the god, which can be identified on a 3+ rolled on a d6+Wis and is and practically worthless to anyone but followers of the god who count as being blessed as per the spell when standing with 10\'92 of the statue. Smashing the statue, might curse those who destroy it in some way. The chain is worth 50 g.p. and the amulet is a +1 amulet of protection.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 1 goblin acolyte, 1 goblin stabber, 2 archers, 2 runts.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Goblin acolyte (AC 7/13, HD 1, hp 4, At 1d6 or spell, Mv 90/30, Sv C1, Mr 8, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 May cast randomly 1-2 Command, 3-4 Curse, 5-6 Remove Fear once per day. May use devices as a cleric. \'a0Sacred club, ritual dagger.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Goblin archer (AC 7/13, HD 1-1, hp 3, At 1d6 or 1d4, Mv 90/30, Sv 0h, Mr 7, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 +1 to hit with their short bows due to dexterity adjustment, dagger.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Goblin runts (AC 7/13, HD 1-1, hp 1, At 1d4, Mv 90/30, Sv h0, Mr 6, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Knife or improvised weapon.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Goblin stabbers (AC 6/14, HD 1-1, hp 3, At 1d4, Mv 90/30, Sv T1, Mr 7, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Stabbers have the abilities of a 1st level thief. Daggers and throwing knives.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 11. Kitchen and storage : kitchen, cook, goblins
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 A barrage of noise and smells reaches you before you open the door to this chamber. Unpleasant over boiled food smells, the sounds of shouting goblins and the crash of metal ware to be precise. When you do open the door, the smoke, steam and chaos of a goblin kitchen almost overwhelm you. Goblin's run about everywhere, far more intent on dodgy the swipes of a huge and angry goblin cook, who armed with a cleaver seems to either aiming to make a stew of goblin fingers or brains. Finally he notices you and grins.
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 This odd shaped chamber is obviously the place the goblins cook. Rows of hanging rats and other even less savory types of meat hang from hooks, while a huge cauldron steams to one side. A large overweight goblin called Ugmol Marrowsucker sees an opportunity to add the PCs to his collection of exotic meats and will command his kitchen staff to attack immediately.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 1 underboss, 5 runts. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Goblin runts (AC 7/13, HD 1-1, hp 1, At 1d4, Mv 90/30, Sv h0, Mr 6, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Knife or improvised weapon.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Goblin bully (AC 6/14, HD 2, hp 10, At 1d8, Mv 90/30, Sv F1, Mr 8, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Battleaxe, shield.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 12. Horse Gutters Chamber : goblin king, wolves, goblins, finery, throne, barghest, treasure, trap
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 An example of Goblin finery at it's worst decks out this large square chamber, with rugs and animal skins lining the floor and cloaks, shields, skulls and weapons all covering every free space on the walls. A crude but impressive throne sits against the west wall, along with a large wooden treasure chest. A table occupies the centre of the chamber around which two burly goblins converse with a goblin wearing religious icons. However it's the figure sat on the throne that attracts your attention the most, a huge purple hewed massive goblin king with wolf eyes clutching a solid black battleaxe. Two wolves flank him and snarl at you as he starts barking at you.
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Horse Gutter is a Barghest and is driven to acts of murder and violence beyond that of normal Goblin chiefs. His ferocity has gained him followers but mostly from fear. He will try to intimidate the characters, but he is crafty enough to know that they must have defeated his guards elsewhere and are not to be underestimated. He might even strike a bargain with the party to attack his rivals or even take on the pig-faced orcs who he fears above all. However his temper is likely to provoke the party into a fight, in which case he will charge anyone who looks like a wizard while the others wear down any fighters. The wolves will stick with Horse Gutter and go after anyone he attacks.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Horse Gutter (Barghest), 2 wolves, 2 goblin skull cleavers, 1 acolyte of Maglubiyet. +1 Battleaxe. In chest, poison dart trap save or take 3d6 damage. +1 Dagger. 2 potions of healing. 1100 g.p. 235 s.p. a bag of 13 small rubies worth 13 g.p. each and a elven jade erotic necklace worth 150 g.p. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Barghest, Juvenile (AC 4/16, HD 3, hp 14, At 1d8+2 or 1d6+1, Mv 90/30 or 180/60, Mr 10, Al CE) Demon
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 May switch each turn between Goblin king and wolf form. In Goblin king form they may cast Protection from Good 10\'92r at will. In wolf form they may cast Invisibility once a day. They take half damage from fire. +1 Battleaxe
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Wolf (AC 7/13, HD 2+2, hp 11, At 1d6, Mv 180/60, Sv F1, Mr 8, Al N) Animal
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Goblin skull cleavers (AC 6/14, HD 1+1, hp 6, At 1d8, Mv 90/30, Sv F1, Mr 7, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Battleaxe, shield.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Goblin acolyte (AC 7/13, HD 1, hp 4, At 1d6 or spell, Mv 90/30, Sv C1, Mr 8, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 May cast Command once per day. May use devices as a cleric. \'a0Sacred club, ritual dagger.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 13. Store room : junk, trap, magic bow
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 It appears that you have discovered the goblin's junk room. Quantities of goblin weapons and armour, moldy furs, torn leathers, tubs, barrels litter the room, often stacked on what appears to old bunk beds. Strings of dead rats hang from the ceiling, along with bits of chain, rusty cleavers, broken shields and old bones. The smell suggests the room is rarely cleared out and suggests it is sometimes used as a toilet.
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li120\fi-120\ri120\sl260\sa120

\f0\fs26 \cf0 This chamber is used by the goblins as store room for arms and armour, wood, leather, food, water and anything else they want to keep but not display. In typical goblin fashion it's an unordered junk pile, some of which is stacked on what appears to be moldy bunk beds or poorly made benches. Searching the room for anything of real value is dangerous, but possibly fruitful. Anyone making a search is subject to a +4 on a d6+Dex check, resulting in 1d8 damage from collapsing weapons stacks and other heavy or sharp things if they fail. However hidden at the very back of the room is are 5 +1 arrows. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 14. Guard post : guards, goblins
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 Standing to attention outside a pair of reinforced double doors stand two well armed goblins. Your appearance confuses them and they decide the right thing to do is rush you.
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 2 goblin skull cleavers
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Goblin skull cleavers (AC 6/14, HD 1+1, hp 6, At 1d8, Mv 90/30, Sv F1, Mr 7, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Battleaxe, shield.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 15. Forgotten chamber : ancient, star map, moonstones, curse
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 As you enter the hidden room a huge sense of age overwhelms you. Inside you find as small square room in which the air is stale and only dust remains. Further inspection reveals evidence that once books were stored here, but nothing more than that can be recovered. However the painted ceiling is still vibrant, depicting a darkening nights sky and a shining constellation of seven moonstone stars.
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The ceiling is painted with a star constellation that opens the door in area 31 and can be easily copied down. The seven moonstones can be removed if the ceiling is reached, but they carry a magic curse meaning anyone carrying one feels highly emotional and a little paranoid immediately. This manifests in a -2 penalty to saves. If the curse, which was cast at 10th level, is removed the non-magical moonstone is worth 50 g.p.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 16. Trapped escape corridor : trap
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Describe this corridor as you normally would. Half way along the it a pressure plate releases a two foot thick stone wall from the ceiling that may crash into the the first people who walk along the corridor. A 7+ on a d6+Dex perception check or find traps will spot the plate or the slight change in the ceiling at the spot. Those under the trap can dodge out the way a +6 on a d6+dex or they take 2d6 points of crushing damage. If they dodge the trap they will be on the far side, otherwise they'll end up trapped beneath the stone and the floor, taking ongoing 1d4 crushing damage a round. The party can raise the stone enough to allow escape on a 7+ on a d6 + Str check, The trap also exposes the mechanism that resets the trap, but it'll take a remove traps check to understand it and followed by 5+ on a d6+Str check to start raising the stone enough to stop ongoing damage using this method. Four such checks are required to allow passage through and a further one to reset the trap completely.}