{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Monster Manual\
\
Here is a list of creatures that wander the halls or reside in the south section of the first level of the Star Trap dungeon. Statistics are presented after them\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Angry Owlbear\
{\listtext	2.	}Banshaer Hermit\
{\listtext	3.	}Barghest, Juvenile\
{\listtext	4.	}Beetle, Fire\
{\listtext	5.	}Beetle, Boring\
{\listtext	6.	}Brain In A Jar\
{\listtext	7.	}Centipede, Giant \'a0\
{\listtext	8.	}Crawling Claw/Severed Hand\
{\listtext	9.	}Dimension Shambler\
{\listtext	10.	}Farspawn Returned\
{\listtext	11.	}Farspawn Mind Worm\
{\listtext	12.	}Farspawn Teeth Eel \
{\listtext	13.	}Fungal Guard\
{\listtext	14.	}Fungal Herder\
{\listtext	15.	}Fungal Priest Of Decay\
{\listtext	16.	}Fungus King\
{\listtext	17.	}Gelatinous Cube\
{\listtext	18.	}Ghoul\
{\listtext	19.	}Goblin Archer\
{\listtext	20.	}Goblin Acolyte\
{\listtext	21.	}Goblin Bully\
{\listtext	22.	}Goblin Hexamancer\
{\listtext	23.	}Goblin King\
{\listtext	24.	}Goblin Runts\
{\listtext	25.	}Goblin Skull Cleavers\
{\listtext	26.	}Goblin Stabbers\
{\listtext	27.	}Goblin Infernal Strategist\
{\listtext	28.	}Goblin Warrior\
{\listtext	29.	}Green Slime\
{\listtext	30.	}Grey Ooze\
{\listtext	31.	}Horrible Black Tentacles\
{\listtext	32.	}Iron Hound\
{\listtext	33.	}Killer Bees\
{\listtext	34.	}Lesser Demon, Demonic Two-Headed Warthog\
{\listtext	35.	}Lesser Demon, Grarthrax The Meddler
\b \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 {\listtext	36.	}Maggot Wraith\
{\listtext	37.	}Ochre Jelly \
{\listtext	38.	}Pig-faced Orc Killer \
{\listtext	39.	}Pig-faced Orc Bannerman\
{\listtext	40.	}Pig-faced Orc Sticker\
{\listtext	41.	}Pig-faced Orc Shieldboy\
{\listtext	42.	}Pig-faced Orc Demon Warriors\
{\listtext	43.	}Pig-faced Orc Murderers\
{\listtext	44.	}Pig-faced Orc Heart Eaters \
{\listtext	45.	}Pig-faced Orc Champion\
{\listtext	46.	}Pig-faced Orc Warlord\
{\listtext	47.	}Pig-faced Orc Teeth Caster \
{\listtext	48.	}Rat, Giant\
{\listtext	49.	}Rat, Swarm\
{\listtext	50.	}Rot spider\
{\listtext	51.	}Shrieker\
{\listtext	52.	}Skeleton\
{\listtext	53.	}Skeleton Archer\
{\listtext	54.	}Skeleton Legionnaire\
{\listtext	55.	}Skeleton, Ramshackle \
{\listtext	56.	}Skeleton, Skullspider\
{\listtext	57.	}Snake, Pit Viper\
{\listtext	58.	}Vile Creeper, Barbed\
{\listtext	59.	}Vile Creeper, Suckered\
{\listtext	60.	}Wolf\
{\listtext	61.	}Wraith\
{\listtext	62.	}Zombie\
{\listtext	63.	}Zombie Rotter\
{\listtext	64.	}Zombie, Famine\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 \
Monster Statistics\
\
Monster types.\
\
Animal \
Animals refer to mundane creatures, usually mammal or reptile. They have low intelligence and cannot speak. \
\
Magical Animal\
Animals that have been magically transformed are not uncommon in Star Trap. In most regards they are like animals. \
\
Lesser Demon\
Demons come from a chaotic and violent dimension sometimes know as the Abyss. They are universally evil and chaotic. They also relish the chance to enter into the material realm and cause havoc. Some work to this end directly, while others tempt wizards into summoning them and perverting them to do acts of harm. \
\
Lesser Demons are immune to disease and resistant to poison, fire and cold. They gain +3 to poison saves and take half damage from fire and cold. While they have their own language, Dark Tongue, they can generally speak any language they wish. They also have darkvision. \
\
Insect\
Insects have very low, instinctive intelligence. They usually enjoy lowlight vision. \
\
Undead\
Spirits that have either failed to enter the realm of the dead or have been summoned back are very often malign and hateful of the living. Depending on the strength of will undead go from being of low intelligence to geniuses. They are immune to mind effecting spells such as sleep, charm, hold person and suggestion. Undead also take 1d8 points of damage per level of the creator from being splashed by holy or blessed water.  \
\
Aberration\
Aberrations are beings from the horror dimensions that exist at the furtherest edges of reality. They some how interface with the dreams of those who come from the material realm, are loosely connected to star beings and astronomy. They come in sizes from tiny to unimaginably vast. Because of their alien nature they are immune to mind affecting spells.  \
\
Fungoid\
Fungoids are neither plants or animals. They often thrive in damp, warm and poorly lit conditions like those found in dungeons. Spells that affect plants or animals only do not work on fungoid creatures. \
\
Ooze\
Oozes are strange creatures, displaying magical, animal, plant and fungoid attributes. They are almost always non-intelligent and ever hungry for organic material to consume. They are immune to mind affecting spells universally and often have other immunities too. \
\
Minion\
Minions make up many of the armies from below. While they fight just as well as others in their band, they are weak and will fall injured, flee or feign death after the first solid hit they receive and only have 1 hit point for game purposes. However they don\'92t take any damage from things like spells that cause half on a successful save, as long as they make that save.   \
\
Swarm\
Swarms of smaller creatures that band together to overwhelm foes have some special rules. They take double damage from damaging area effect spells, and are immune to spells that effect single targets. \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\b \cf0 Angry Owlbear
\b0  - See Dungeon Masters basic rules. The Angry Owlbear however has Dex 8 (-1) and moves at 30 feet. It also has the following attack: Screech (recharge 5-6) a piercing sonic 15ft cone of sound that causing anyone in it\'92s area of effect to become stunned unless they make a Con DC 15 saving throw. \
The angry Owlbear is ancient and shuffles with a painful limp, but it\'92s screech is so piercing it stuns it\'92s foes for long enough to eat them.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\b \cf0 Banshaer Hermit
\b0  - medium humanoid (Banshaer), neutral\
Armour Class 16 (natural)\
Hit Points 34 (5d8 + 10)\
Speed 40 ft.\
STR 10 (+0) DEX 14 (+2) CON 14 (+2) INT 10 (+0) WIS 16(+3) CHA 6(-2)\
Saving Throws Int +3, Wis +6\
Skills Nature +3, Survival +6, Perception +4\
Senses dark vision 60ft, passive Perception 14\
Languages Common, Fungalish, Goblin, Banshaer\
Challenge 2 (450XP)\
\
Druidic spell casting as a 5
\fs18 \super th
\fs26 \nosupersub  level druid. Spell save DC 14, +6 to hit. Slots 4/3/2\
Spells known: (cantrips) Druidcraft, Poison Spray, Shillelagh, Resistance, (1
\fs18 \super st
\fs26 \nosupersub ) Animal Friendship, Cure Wounds, Detect Poison and Disease, Entangle, Speak with Animals, (2
\fs18 \super nd
\fs26 \nosupersub ) Animal Messenger, Hold Person, Lesser Restoration, Spike Growth, (3
\fs18 \super rd
\fs26 \nosupersub ) Dispel Magic, Meld into Stone, Sleet Storm.   \
Actions\
Grasshopper Jump. May cast Jump at will as a bonus action. \
\
Shrink. As a bonus action may shrink down to the size of a tiny grasshopper. \
\
Multiattack. The Banshaer can make four Arm Strike attacks.  \
Arm Strike. Melee weapon attack: +3 to hit, 5ft reach, one target. Hit 4 (1d6+1) bludgeoning strike\
\
Odd and solitary, these tall humanoid grasshoppers follow strange rituals and collect unusual things.\
\
-----\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\b \cf0 Barghest, Juvenile
\b0  - medium lesser demon, chaotic evil\
\
Armour Class 16 (leather armour / natural)\
Hit Points 34 (5d8 + 10)\
Speed 30 ft or 40 ft in Wolf form.\
STR 16 (+3) DEX 14 (+2) CON 14 (+2) INT 10 (+0) WIS 10(+0) CHA 14(+2)\
Skills Intimidation +5, Survival +3, Perception +3\
Damage resistance poison, fire and cold\
Damage immunities disease\
Senses dark vision 60ft, passive Perception 13\
Languages Common, Goblin, Abyssal \
Challenge 2 (450XP)\
Improved Critical. Barghest\'92s weapon attacks score a critical on a roll of 19 or 20\
Actions\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Shape change. Barghests can swapped between the form of a Goblin King and a large Wolf. \
Battle Axe (Goblin Form). Melee weapon attack:+7 to hit, reach 5ft, one target. Hit: 8 (1d8+4)\
Bane (Goblin Form). The Barghest can cast Bane at will with a DC 13 difficulty. \
Invisibility (Wolf Form). In Wolf form a Barghest can cast Invisibility at will. \
Bite (Wolf Form). Melee weapon attack: +6 to hit, reach 5ft, one target. Hit: 7 (2d4+3) piercing damage. If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 11 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone.\
\
Barghests are demonic shapeshifters from the nether planes. They feed and grow on the souls of the good. This is just a young one. +1 magic Battle Axe\'a0\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
-----\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\b \cf0 Beetle, Fire
\b0  - See Dungeon Masters basic rules for Giant Fire Beetle \
If you\'92ve never seen a fire beetle fire up, you\'92ll rightly run away the first time.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\b \cf0 Beetle, Boring
\b0  - large animal, unaligned\
Armour Class 15 (natural)\
Hit Points 35 (5d8 + 10)\
Speed 30 ft \
STR 16 (+3) DEX 10 (+0) CON 14 (+2) INT 1 (-5) WIS 10(+0) CHA 3(-4)\
Skills Intimidation +5, Survival +3, Perception +3\
Senses Blindsight 40ft, passive Perception 10\
Challenge 1 (200XP)\
Actions\
Bite. Melee weapon attack: +5 to hit, reach 5ft, one target. Hit: 10 (2d6+3) piercing damage.  \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Boring beetles are huge, 9 feet long and dark blue with rainbow sheen. It\'92s mouthpart is a riot of hooks and mandibles, but apart from that they are nothing special. \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \'97\'97\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\b \cf0 Brain In A Jar
\b0  Small Undead, chaotic evil\
Armour Class 20 (natural)\
Hit Points 15 (5d6)\
Speed 20 ft (levitation)\
STR 2 (-4) DEX 16 (+3) CON 10 (+0) INT 18 (+4) WIS 8(-1) CHA 10(+0)\
Skills Arcane +7, Deception +3, Insight +2 \
Senses Darkvision 40ft, passive Perception 11\
Languages Common, Elven, Abyssal. The Brain communicates via Telepathy and believes incorrectly it can read minds.  \
Challenge 2 (450XP)\
\
Spellcasting. Brain In A Jar is a 5
\fs18 \super th
\fs26 \nosupersub  level Necromancer (wizard). Spell save DC 14 +6 to hit with spell attacks, 4/3/2. The Brain In A Jar doesn\'92t require materials or soma tics to cast any of it\'92s spells. \
Spells known. (Cantrips) Dancing lights, Friends, Mage Hand, Minor Illusion. Prestidigitation, Poison Spray. (1
\fs18 \super st
\fs26 \nosupersub ) Charm Person, Grease, Ray Of Sickness, Sleep, Witch Bolt. (2
\fs18 \super nd
\fs26 \nosupersub ) Darkness, Hold Person, Magic Mouth, Ray Of Enfeeblement, Suggestion, Web. (3
\fs18 \super rd
\fs26 \nosupersub ) Animate Dead, Counterspell, Stinking Cloud, Vampiric Touch\
\
Grim Harvest. Brain In A Jar regains hit points every time a spell it casts kills an opponent. 2x level in hp\'92s for non-necromancy spells, and 3x level for necromancy spells.\
\
Protective Jar. The Jar the brain sits in has a constant Shield spell on it and provides AC 20. However a critical hit smashes the jar, puts the brain on 1 hit point and makes it prone.\
\
The Brain communicates via Telepathy and believes incorrectly it can read minds. \
Insane, paranoid, egomaniacal and delusional, the brain in a jar is as mad as a box of frogs, and more fun to play with than bag full of kittens. \'a0\
\'97\'97\
\

\b Centipede, Giant
\b0  - See Giant Centipede in the Dungeon Masters basic rules \
 \

\b Crawling Claw/Severed Hand
\b0  Tiny undead, neutral evil\
Armour Class 12 (natural)\
Hit Points 2 (1d4)\
Speed 30 ft \
STR 3 (-4) DEX 14 (+2) CON 10 (+0) INT 6 (-2) WIS 8(-1) CHA 5(-3)\
Damage Immunities poison\
Condition Immunities poison\
Senses Darkvision 60ft, passive Perception 9\
Languages Understands common\
Challenge 0 (10XP)\
Actions\
Claw: Melee weapon attack +0, 5ft reach, one target. Hit: 1 slashing damage\
Bothersome and very creepy on their own, a plague of rotting claws and hands can overwhelm the mightiest of heroes.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \'97\'97\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\b \cf0 Dimension Shambler
\b0   - medium aberration, chaotic neutral\
Armour Class 13 (natural)\
Hit Points 14 (3d8)\
Speed 30 ft \
STR 14 (+2) DEX 10 (+0) CON 10 (+0) INT 6 (-2) WIS 10(0) CHA 5(-3)\
Condition Immunities Charm based magic\
Senses Darkvision 60ft, passive Perception 10\
Challenge 1/2 (100XP)\
Actions\
Multiattack. The Dimension Shambler makes two attacks with it\'92s fists.\
Fist: Melee weapon attack +4: 1d6+2 bludgeoning damage\
Dimension Door: As a move action a Dimension Shambler may use the Dimension Door spell. \
\
Dimension shamblers appear as gorilla-like bundles of ropes and tentacles. They seem not to recognise any difference between intelligent beings, flora and beasts, consuming whatever they come across. Their common modus operandi is to Dimenion Door in groups in front and behind their victims. Stargazers postulate that they do not digest food but transport via their stomachs to whatever horror dimension they come from, for something else to eat. \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \'97\'97\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\b \cf0 Farspawn Returned
\b0  - medium aberration, chaotic evil \
Armour Class 18 \
Hit Points 28 (5d8+5)\
Speed 30 ft \
STR 14 (+2) DEX 16 (+3) CON 12 (+1) INT 10 (+) WIS 14(+2) CHA 8(-1)\
Skills Acrobatics +6, Perception +6, Stealth +8\
Condition Immunities Charm based magic\
Senses Truevision 60ft, passive Perception 16\
Challenge 2 (450XP)\
Actions\
Strike from the shadows. All attacks made by the Farspawn Reurned that it has advantage on does an extra 2d6 damage. \
Multiattack. The Farspawn returned makes three attacks: Two with it\'92s claws and one bite.\
Claw. Melee weapon attack +7: Hit 1d4+2 slashing damage.\
Bite. Melee weapon attack +7: Hit 1d6+2 piercing damage.\
Warped mind. Once per day the Farspawn can cast Confusion with a DC of 14. \
Cunning Action. As per a Thief - see Player Basic Rules.\
\
It\'92s inevitable that people find an entrance to the Far Realm, but when they make it back it\'92s a rare event indeed and they are utterly, and chillingly changed. Madness, many eyes, and horrible purple rubbery skin marks them apart from whoever they might have once been.\
\'97\'97\
\
\

\b Farspawn Mind Worm
\b0  - small aberration chaotic evil. \
Armour Class 12 \
Hit Points 13 (3d8)\
Speed 30 ft, levitation \
STR 10 (+0) DEX 14 (+2) CON 10 (+0) INT 3 (-3) WIS 10(+0) CHA 3(-3)\
Skills Acrobatics +5\
Condition Immunities Charm based magic\
Senses Darkvision 30ft, passive Perception 12\
Challenge 1/2 (100XP)\
Actions\
Attach: Grapple at +5 using Acrobatics vs Dexterity. Hit: 1d4\
Sanity Drain: If the Mind Worm starts it turned attached to a foe, it drains 1d4 points of Wisdom. This drain lasts 2d4 minutes. If a victim is reduced to 3 or less Wisdom it becomes insane and is confused as per the spell.  \
 \
Picture a floating 4 foot sea-worm with a hook filled suck maw, covered in sad, lonely eyes. \
\'97\'97\
\
\

\b Farspawn Teeth Eel
\b0  - small aberration chaotic evil \
Armour Class 12 \
Hit Points 16 (3d8+3)\
Speed 30 ft, levitation \
STR 12 (+1) DEX 14 (+2) CON 12 (+1) INT 3 (-3) WIS 10(+0) CHA 3(-3)\
Skills Acrobatics +5\
Condition Immunities Charm based magic\
Senses Darkvision 30ft, passive Perception 12\
Challenge 1/2 (100XP)\
Actions\
Multiattack. The Farspawn Teeth Eel makes 1d4 bite attacks.\
Bite: Melee weapon attack +3. Hit 1d6+1\
\
Teeth Eels slip and slide through dimensions eating anything they come across with their horrible, multiple sets of horse-like teeth along it\'92s winding body. \
\'97\'97\
\
\

\b Fungal Guard
\b0  - medium fungal humanoid, neutral\
Armour Class 12 \
Hit Points 19 (3d8+6)\
Speed 30 ft \
STR 12 (+1) DEX 9 (-1) CON 13 (+2) INT 9 (-1) WIS 12(+1) CHA 9(-1)\
Skills Nature +2\
Condition Immunities Charm based magic\
Senses Darkvision 30ft, passive Perception 11\
Language Fungalish\
Challenge 1/2 (100XP)\
Actions\
Bludgeon: Melee weapon attack +4. Hit 1d8+1 bludgeoning damage. \
\
Fungal guards hit you with greatclubs until you go away.\
\'97\'97\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\b \cf0 Fungal Herder
\b0   - medium fungal humanoid, neutral\
Armour Class 12 \
Hit Points 9 (2d6+2)\
Speed 30 ft \
STR 10 (+0) DEX 10 (+0) CON 12 (+1) INT 10 (+0) WIS 12(+1) CHA 9(-1)\
Skills Nature +4\
Condition Immunities Charm based magic\
Senses Darkvision 30ft, passive Perception 11\
Language Fungalish\
Challenge 1/4 (50XP)\
Actions\
Bludgeon: Melee weapon attack +1. Hit 1d6 bludgeoning damage. \
Spore puff: Once per day may emit a cloud of soporific spores that acts like a Sleep spell. \
\
The mushroom herders are experts in growing all sorts of fungi. Their spores are a sought after sleep drug, fetching up to 25 g.p. per herder. \
\'97\'97\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\b \cf0 Fungal Priest Of Decay
\b0  - medium fungal humanoid, neutral\
Armour Class 12 \
Hit Points 14 (4d8+4)\
Speed 30 ft \
STR 12 (+1) DEX 10 (+0) CON 12 (+1) INT 10 (+0) WIS 14(+2) CHA 12(+1)\
Skills Nature +3, Survival +5\
Condition Immunities Charm based magic\
Senses Darkvision 30ft, passive Perception 12\
Language Fungalish, common, goblin.\
Challenge 1 (200XP)\
Actions\
Bludgeon: Melee weapon attack +4. Hit 1d6+1 bludgeoning damage. \
Renewed purpose spore cloud. Once per day the Priest can give all fungal allies in a 20 ft radius a renewed sense of purpose, meaning they have advantage on all rolls until the end of the turn. \
Reinvigorate spore cloud. Recharge 5-6. But shedding it\'92s own body, the priest can heal other allied fungal creatures in a 20ft radius. The priest loses 1d8 hit points and restores 1d6+1 hit points to any affected.  \
\
Priests of decay rot themselves for the good of their colony.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \'97\'97\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\b \cf0 Fungus King
\b0  - large fungal humanoid, neutral\
Armour Class 14 \
Hit Points 40 (6d8+12)\
Speed 30 ft \
STR 12 (+1) DEX 10 (+0) CON 14 (+2) INT 16 (+3) WIS 14(+2) CHA 16(+3)\
Skills Nature +3, Survival +5, Persuasion +8, Investigation +8, Insight +8\
Condition Immunities Charm based magic\
Senses Darkvision 30ft, passive Perception 12\
Language Telepathy\
Challenge 2 (450XP)\
Actions\
Bludgeon: Melee weapon attack +6. Hit 1d6+1 bludgeoning damage. \
Charm spore cloud. Once per day the King can emit a spore cloud 20ft in radius that affects all living creatures as if they\'92d been targeted with charm person spell. The effect is DC 16 to resist. \
Poisoned spore cloud. Once per day the King can emit a poisonous spore cloud 20ft in radius that affects all non fungal living creatures. Anyone caught in the cloud must make a DC 15 poison save or take 4d6 poison damage and be poisoned for 1d6 rounds.   \
\
The fungus king is the most inquisitive fungus folk of their colony, and it just keeps growing because of it. It\'92s spores have various mind-altering effects. \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \'97\'97\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\b \cf0 Gelatinous Cube
\b0  - large ooze, neutral\
Armour Class 12 \
Hit Points 33 (6d10)\
Speed 30 ft \
STR 12 (+1) DEX 10 (+0) CON 10 (+0) INT 1 (-4) WIS 10(+0) CHA 1(-4)\
Skills Athletics (grappling) +5\
Condition Immunities blinded, charmed, deafened, exhaustion,\
frightened, prone\
Senses blindsight 60 ft. (blind beyond this radius),\
passive Perception 8 \
Challenge 2 (450 XP)\
Actions\
Paralysing pseudopod. Melee weapon attack +5. DC 15 save versus paralysis (Con) or become paralysed for 2d4 rounds.\
Engulf. Grappling attack +5. Once a creature is grappled it automatically takes 3d6 acid damage a turn. \
\
Floating skulls aren\'92t always what they seem.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\b \cf0 Ghoul
\b0  - see Ghoul in the dungeon master basic rules. \
Taunt grey skin, a screaming face and claws like iron, the ghoul is vile in every aspect.  \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\b \cf0 Goblin Archer
\b0  - see Goblin in the dungeon masters basic rules. Goblin Archers aren\'92t disadvantaged shooting into close combat. However on a roll to hit of 1 or 2 they hit an adjacent ally. \
Goblins with good eyes and steady aim are given short bows and told to stand at the back shooting wizards. They enjoy this work immensely. \'a0\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \

\b Goblin Acolyte
\b0  - Small humanoid (goblinoid), neutral evil\
Armor Class 15 (leather armor, shield) \
Hit Points 7 (2d6)\
Speed 30 ft.\
STR 8 (\uc0\u8722 1) DEX 14 (+2) CON 10 (+0) INT 10 (+0) WIS 10 (+0) CHA 8 (\u8722 1)\
Skills Stealth +6, Religion +2\
Senses darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 10 \
Languages Common, Goblin\
Challenge 1/2 (100 XP)\
Actions\
Nimble Escape. The goblin can take the Disengage or Hide action as a bonus action on each of its turns.\
Sacred bonesmasher. Melee Weapon Attack: +4 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. Hit: 5 (1d6 + 2) bludgeoning damage.\
Channeling the goblin god. The acolyte may once a day channel a random spell as 1
\fs18 \super st
\fs26 \nosupersub  level cleric with a +2 attack bonus or a DC 12 check. Roll a 1d6. 1. Command. 2. Guiding bolt. 3. Inflict wounds. 4. Shield Of Faith. 5. Hold Person. 6. Roll twice and both spells are mystically cast simultaneously. \
Sacred bonesmasher. Melee Weapon Attack: +4 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. Hit: 5 (1d6 + 2) bludgeoning damage.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Acolytes of the goblin god are used by shamen to enact sacrifices, or to be sacrifices depending on the mood of their master. \'a0\'a0\
\'97\'97\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Goblin Chamberlain
\b0  - Small humanoid (goblinoid), neutral evil\
Armor Class 13 (leather armor) \
Hit Points 13 (3d6+3)\
Speed 30 ft.\
STR 8 (\uc0\u8722 1) DEX 12 (+1) CON 12 (+1) INT 12 (+1) WIS 10 (+0) CHA 10 (0)\
Skills Stealth +4\
Senses darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 10 \
Languages Common, Goblin\
Challenge 1/2 (100 XP)\
Actions\
Baton of office. Melee Weapon Attack: +3 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. Hit: 5 (1d6 + 2) bludgeoning damage.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 \
A chamberlain serves his king best by never poising a risk. Fat, slow and cowardly goblins make excellent chamberlains. \
\'97\'97\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Goblin Bully
\b0  - Small humanoid (goblinoid), neutral evil\
Armor Class 15 (leather armor, shield) \
Hit Points 13 (3d6+3)\
Speed 30 ft.\
STR 10 (+0) DEX 14 (+2) CON 12 (+1) INT 9 (-1) WIS 9 (-1) CHA 8 (\uc0\u8722 1)\
Skills Stealth +6, Intimidate +2 \
Senses darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 9 \
Languages Common, Goblin\
Challenge 1/2 (100 XP)\
Actions\
Nimble Escape. The goblin can take the Disengage or Hide action as a bonus action on each of its turns.\
Battleax. Melee weapon attack. +2 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. Hit: 6 (1d8 + 2) slashing damage.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 \
Goblin bullies are the under bosses of the Goblin king, and bullying is their speciality.\
\'97\'97\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Goblin Hexamancer
\b0  - Small humanoid (goblinoid), neutral evil\
Armor Class 12 (None) \
Hit Points 7 (2d6)\
Speed 30 ft.\
STR 8 (\uc0\u8722 1) DEX 14 (+2) CON 10 (+0) INT 12 (+1) WIS 10 (+0) CHA 8 (\u8722 1)\
Skills Stealth +6, Arcane +2\
Senses darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 10 \
Languages Common, Goblin\
Challenge 1/2 (100 XP)\
Actions\
Spellcasting. The acolyte is a 1st-level spellcaster. Its spellcasting ability is Intelligence (spell save DC 11, +3 to hit with spell attacks). The hexamancer has following arcane spells spells prepared:\
Cantrips Mage Hand, Minor Illusion, Poison Spray. 1
\fs18 \super st
\fs26 \nosupersub  Level (2) Burning Hands, Mage Armour, Sleep.\
Nimble Escape. The goblin can take the Disengage or Hide action as a bonus action on each of its turns.\
Dagger. Melee Weapon Attack: +4 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. Hit: 5 (1d4 + 2) piercing damage.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 \
Hexamancers are usually deranged goblins that naturally tap into the magic weave. They often model themselves on wizards or sorcerers. \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0  \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Goblin King
\b0  - Small humanoid (goblinoid), neutral evil\
Armor Class 17 (chain mail armor, shield) \
Hit Points 17 (4d6+4)\
Speed 30 ft.\
STR 12 (+1) DEX 14 (+2) CON 12 (+1) INT 9 (-1) WIS 10 (+0) CHA 14 (+2)\
Skills Stealth +6, Insight +2, \
Senses darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 9 \
Languages Common, Goblin\
Challenge 1/2 (100 XP)\
Actions\
Nimble Escape. The goblin can take the Disengage or Hide action as a bonus action on each of its turns.\
Battleaxe. Melee weapon attack. +4 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. Hit: 6 (1d8 + 3) slashing damage.\
Call to action. The first round during which a goblin king is in melee combat all goblins with visual range of him can advantage on their attacks. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 \
Big, fat and not at all regal. Goblin kings are top of the heap, and lord it over everyone else.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \'97\'97\
\

\b Goblin Runt
\b0  - Small humanoid minion (goblinoid), neutral evil\
Armor Class 12  \
Hit Points 1\
Speed 30 ft.\
STR 8 (\uc0\u8722 1) DEX 14 (+2) CON 10 (+0) INT 8 (-1) WIS 8 (-1) CHA 8 (\u8722 1)\
Skills Stealth +6, \
Senses darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 9 \
Languages Common, Goblin\
Challenge 0 (10 XP)\
Actions\
Nimble Escape. The goblin can take the Disengage or Hide action as a bonus action on each of its turns.\
Knife, sap or sharp spoon. Melee Weapon Attack: +2 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. Hit: 5 (1d4 + 2) bludgeoning damage.\
Minion. A minion never takes damage when it passes a saving throw or an effect indicated it takes half damage. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 \
Runts are the lowest goblin dregs capable of holding a weapon. \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \'97\'97\

\b Goblin Skull Cleaver
\b0  - Small humanoid (goblinoid), neutral evil\
Armor Class 15 (leather armor, shield) \
Hit Points 10 (2d6+2)\
Speed 30 ft.\
STR 12 (+1) DEX 14 (+2) CON 12 (+1) INT 9 (-1) WIS 9 (-1) CHA 8 (\uc0\u8722 1)\
Skills Stealth +6\
Senses darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 9 \
Languages Common, Goblin\
Challenge 1/2 (100 XP)\
Actions\
Nimble Escape. The goblin can take the Disengage or Hide action as a bonus action on each of its turns.\
Battleaxe. Melee weapon attack. +3 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. Hit: 6 (1d8 + 2) slashing damage.\
Leap. If a goblin skull cleaver moved it\'92s full movement distance and then attacks, it gains and extra d6 damage roll if it hits and does damage.  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 \
Skull cleavers have master the art of leaping and chopping, and throw themselves into combat with glee. \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \'97\'97\
\

\b Goblin Stabber
\b0  - Small humanoid (goblinoid), neutral evil\
Armor Class 16 (leather armor, shield) \
Hit Points 7 (2d6)\
Speed 30 ft.\
STR 8 (\uc0\u8722 1) DEX 16 (+3) CON 10 (+0) INT 9 (-1) WIS 9 (-1) CHA 8 (\u8722 1)\
Skills Stealth +7\
Senses darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 10 \
Languages Common, Goblin\
Challenge 1/2 (100 XP)\
Actions\
Nimble Escape. The goblin can take the Disengage or Hide action as a bonus action on each of its turns.\
Nasty little knife. Melee Weapon Attack: +5 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. Hit: 6 (1d4 + 3) piercing damage.\
Throwing knife. Ranged Weapon Attack: +5 to hit, range 20/60. Hit 6 (1d4 + 3) piercing damage. \
Sneak attack. As per rogue\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 \
Goblin stabbers are the skulkiest, sneakiest goblins in a tribe, and thus highly revered. \
\'97\'97\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Goblin Infernal Strategist
\b0  - Small humanoid (goblinoid), lawful evil\
Armor Class 16 (chain mail armor) \
Hit Points 13 (3d6+3)\
Speed 30 ft.\
STR 13 (+1) DEX 14 (+2) CON 12 (+1) INT 9 (-1) WIS 9 (-1) CHA 8 (\uc0\u8722 1)\
Skills Stealth +6, Intimidate +2 \
Damage resistance. Fire\
Senses darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 9 \
Languages Common, Goblin\
Challenge 1/2 (100 XP)\
Actions\
Nimble Escape. The goblin can take the Disengage or Hide action as a bonus action on each of its turns.\
Rapier. Melee weapon attack. +4 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. Hit: 6 (1d8 + 2) piercing damage.\
Burning hands. Once a day the Infernal Strategist may cast Burning Hands as an innate ability, using it\'92s DEX as it\'92s spell casting ability. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 \
Devilishly cunning for a goblin, and what\'92s with the horns and red skin?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \'97\'97\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\b \cf0 Goblin Warrior
\b0  - see dungeon masters basic rules. Goblin warriors aren\'92t trusted with short bows.\
Goblin warriors make up the bulk of goblin forces, having survived enough clan brawls to be considered useful by their king. \
\'97\'97\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Green Slime (AC na, HD 2, hp 6, At +1 special, Mv 1/1, Sv F1, Mr 12, Al N) Ooze\
Green slime dissolves anything non-magical it touches in 1d4 rounds, including armour and bodies. \'a0They are immune to mind affecting spells, disease, non-magical weapons, cold and lighting. Fire does double damage and cure disease spells kills them instantly.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Grey Ooze (AC 8/12, HD 3, hp 11, At +2 2d8, Mv 3/3, Sv F2, Mr 12, Al N) Ooze\
The first hit from a Grey Ooze doesn\'92t do damage but destroys the armour of the victim, if they are wearing any. They are immune to mind affecting spells, disease, fire and cold. \uc0\u8232 Grey is the colour of stone and grey is the colour of your doom.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Horrible Black Tentacles (AC 5/15, HD 1, Hps 1, At +0 1d6 + slow, Mv special, Sv F1, Mr 12, Al N) Aberration\
Successful hits by the black tentacles cause the target to be slowed as per the spell if they fail a save versus spells. Tentacles cannot travel on their own and are anchored in place by the magic that summoned. However they are 20 feet long end to end so can reach far from their anchor point.\
The wizard who wishes to summon these things must make pinpricks in reality to let them worm their way in. What remains on the other side remains a mystery and those that have successfully cast the spell pray it will remain so. \'a0\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Iron Hound (AC 3/17, HD 1, hp 4, At +0 1d6, Mv 150/50, Sv F1, Mr 12, Al N) Construct\
This golem-like construction is immune to mind affecting spells, poison and disease. \
The perfect guard dog really. \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Killer Bees (AC 7/13, HD 1d4, Hps 2, At \uc0\u8722 1 1d3 + poison, Mv 90/30, Sv H0, Mr 9, Al N) Insect \
Poison, save versus poison or die in 1d6 rounds. Stinging an opponent kills the bee.\
Killer Bees get mighty angry. \'a0\
\
Lesser Demon, Demonic Two-Headed Warthog (AC 7/13, HD 3+3, At +3 2d4/2d4/2d4,Mv 90/30, Sv F3, Mr 10, Al CE) Lesser Demon, Animal\
Attacks with two heads and a stomping attack. It may direct the gore attacks at two separate foes. Regenerates 1d6 hit points a round unless the damage is caused by spells, magical attacks or holy water which causes 1d8 damage. Maybe turned as a wraith. It is helpful to record normal and magical damage to the warthog separately. \
Only a demon lord would gift such an ill-tempered and treacherous beast to it\'92s followers. \'a0\
\
Lesser Demon, Grarthrax The Meddler\
(AC 5/15, HD 3, At +2 1d6, Mv 90/30 fly, Sv F3, Mr 8, Al CE) Lesser Demon\
Bite attack which contains paralysis poison, save vs poison or be paralysed for 1d6 turns. May cast Shield, Garble (reversed Tongues) and Weakness (reverse Strength) at will at 9
\fs18 \super th
\fs26 \nosupersub  level. \
Grarthrax is a three eyed winged imp from the Abyss sent to sow discord and miscommunication. He loves his job, but has waited a long time to be free to do it. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Maggot Wraith (AC 7/13, HD 1, Hps 4, At +0 1d3, Mv 60/20, Sv C1, Mr 12, Al NE) Undead\
Takes no damage from non-magical weapons and half from silver. Creatures killed by the enervating effects of the Maggot\'92s burying turn into wraiths in 1d4 rounds. They can be turned as ghouls.\
Foot long half-real maggots? Ugh! \
\
Ochre Jelly (AC 8/1w, HD 5, Hps 30, At +4 2d6, Mv 30/10, Sv F5, Mr 12, Al N) Ooze\
Acid dripping tendril does 2d6 damage. Eats through organic matter such as leather and wood in one round. Cloths, shields and armour are affected. Lightning splits Ochre Jellies into 1d4+1 Jellies, each with HD 2, Hps 9 that do At +1 1d6 damage. Ochre jellies can become almost flat and seep through small cracks. \
Hey kid, that yellow pool over there, don\'92t go near it. It ate the wood shed last Holyday. \
  \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Pig-faced Orc Killer (AC 6/14, HD 1, Hps 5, At +0 1d6 or 1d4, Mv 90/30, SV F1, Mr 8, Al CE) Humanoid\
Leather armour, shield, hand weapon (Short sword, spear, hand axe, mace), throwing dagger.\
Your basic orc killer, a murderous baby eating thug.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Pig-faced Orc Bannerman (AC 6/14, HD 1, Hps 4, At +0 1d10, Mv 90/30, SV F1, Mr 8, Al CE) Humanoid\
Leather armour, shield, halberd. May attack from behind a row of other orcs.\
Possibly the most intelligent of the Pig-faced orcs. These brutes are loyal and yet fight from behind others. \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Pig-faced Orc Sticker (AC 7/13, HD 1, Hps 5, At +0 1d6 or 1d6+1, Mv 90/30, Sv F1, Mr 8, Al CE) Humanoid \'a0\'a0\
Leather armour, Heavy crossbow, hand axe.\
Stickers train themselves to reload their blackwood crossbows so quickly they can fire them as often as a man can fire a hunting bow. They use them to hunt men.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Pig-faced Orc Shieldboy (AC 6/14, HD 1, Hps 1, At +0 1d6, Mv 90/30, Sv F1, Mr 7, Al CE) Humanoid, Minion\
Leather armour, large shield, hand weapon (short sword, hand axe, spear, mace). A Shieldboy may throw or be been thrown in front of an attack on a more powerful orc. If a shieldboy is adjunct to ally, any melee or missile attacks targeted at the ally will be diverted on it, and treated as a normal attack on them instead. \
Shieldboys are young stupid orcs given big shields and told that glory awaits them in the orc afterlife if they die in battle. \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Pig-faced Orc Demon Warriors (AC 5/15, HD 1+1, Hps 8, At +1 1d10, Mv 90/30, Sv F1, Mr 9, Al CE) Humanoid\
Chainmail, two handed weapon (Halberd, Waraxe, Two handed sword, Maul). May make a sweeping attack at all combatants adjunct to them at -1 to hit. This attack goes last in initiative. \
Orcs believe that demons possess huge weapons and they are blessed by bearing them. Demons demand blood, and they don\'92t care of what type.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Pig-faced Orc Murderers (AC 5/15, HD 1+1, Hps 8, At +1 1d6/1d6, Mv 90/30, Sv F1, Mr 9, Al CE) Humanoid\
Chainmail, two hand weapons (Short swords, axes, maces). They make two attacks a round against the same foe. \
Murderers revel in killing opponents quickly and celebrate a quick kill by dancing in entrails. \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Pig-faced Orc Heart Eaters (AC 5/15, HD 2, Hps 10, At +1 1d6, Mv 90/30, Sv C2, Mr 9, Al CE) Humanoid\
Chainmail, staff. May cast Cause Fear (3 rounds), Protection from good, Cure light wounds and Snake Charm once per day, but my recharge by eating the hearts of good aligned opponents. \
Shaman of their two headed demon-god, heart eaters gain their powers by eating hearts unsurprisingly. \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Pig-faced Orc Champion (AC 2/18, HD 3, Hps 12, At +3 1d10+1, Mv 60/20, Sv F2, Mr 9, Al CE) Humanoid\
Plate and chainmail armour, two handed sword with +1 bonus from Strength. \
Champions are selected through gladiatorial sport with extra points for the strength and stupidity. Then they are welded into their armour, loving every minute of the whole process.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Pig-faced Orc Warlord (AC 4/16, HD 4, Hps 15, At +3 1d8+2, Mv 60/20, Sv F3, Mr 9, Al CE) Humanoid\
Chainmail, shield, battle axe or tribal magical weapon. Re-roll failed morale checks when Warlord is accompany one or more orcs. \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Pig-faced Orc Teeth Caster (AC 9/11, HD 2, Hps 8, At +1 1d4, Mv 90/30, Sv M2, Mr 8, Al CE) Humanoid\
Fang rod of office. May cast Shocking Grasp, Unseen Servant & Ray Of Enfeeblement once per day. Orcish spell book contains those spells and Detect Magic, Detect Good and ESP which can be swapped out as required after resting as per a 3rd level wizard.\
Orcish wizards apprenticeship is chaotic and self taught, up to a point. However the moment a rare individual makes progress all manner of demons offer patronship. \'a0\
\
Rat, Giant (AC 7/13, HD 1-1, Hp 2, At \uc0\u8722 1, 1d4 + disease, Mv 120/40, Sv h0, Mr 6, Al N) Animal\
One in twenty giant rats carry living rot disease. Save vs disease or be at \uc0\u8722 2 to all d20 rolls. Each day make a further save or increase the penalty by 1. If the character gets to \u8722 10 they die as their rotting organs completely fail. However each save they succeed they reduce the penalty by 1 and when the get to 0 they are cured. \
Rats eat anything. You look like anything. \
\
Rat, Swarm (AC 5/15, HD 3, Hp 10, At +2, 1d8, Mv 90/30, Sv h0, Mr 7, Al N0) Animal, Swarm\
Rat packs \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Rot spider (AC 5/15, HD 3, Hp 12, At +2 2d4 + rot, Mv 90/30, Sv F2, Mr 12, Al NE) Undead\
Rot spiders necromantic venom causes those bitten to make a save against poison each round until they are dead or make the save. Failure means taking an additional 1d4 damage from rot.\
Rot spiders chitin is pitted with festering stinking sores, which they pass on through their venom. Animated as a terror weapon by ancient Necromancers, these giant spiders are thankfully little understood. Apprentice wizards will pay gold for the details of one. \'a0\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Shrieker (AC 7/13, HD 3, Hp 16, At none, Mv 9/3, Sv F1, Mr 12, Al N) Fungoid\
If a Shrieker detects light within 60 feet or movement within 30 feet it will emitting a loud piercing sound for 1d3 rounds, that will attract Fungal folk. The sound might even stun creatures sensitive to loud noise. Save vs Spells or be held for 1d4 rounds. \'a0\
Huge purple mushrooms that are poison to eat, causing terrible hallucinations which make creatures go berserk.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Skeleton (AC 7/13, HD 1, Hp 4, At +0 1d6, Mv 90/30, Sv F1, Mr 12, Al NE) Undead\
Double damage from smashing weapons, half damage from slashing and piercing. Hand weapon.\
The spirits that bind bones back into life are simple and vicious. \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Skeleton Archer (AC 7/13, HD 1, Hp 4, At +0 1d6, Mv 90/30, Sv F1, Mr 12, Al NE) Undead\
Double damage from smashing weapons, half damage from slashing and piercing. Hand weapon, short bow.\
Sometimes skeletal archers use the bones of fallen comrades as arrows.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Skeleton Legionnaire (AC 3/17, HD 1, Hp 4, At +0 1d6, Mv 90/30, Sv F1, Mr 12, Al NE) Undead\
Double damage from smashing weapons, half damage from slashing and piercing. Hand weapon, shield and rusted chainmail.\
Those who wish to make an army of the undead find use for mouldering arms and armour.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Skeleton, Ramshackle (AC 7/13, HD 1, Hp 1, At +0 1d6, Mv 90/30, Sv F1, Mr 12, Al NE) Undead, Minion\
Hand weapon.\
Even bones get old and falter. \
\
Skeleton, Spiderskull (AC 7/13, HD 1, Hp 3, At +0 1d4, Mv 90/30 Climb 30/10, Sv F1, Mr 12, Al NE) Undead\
Bite d4. Skullspiders can occupy a small space and tend to gather together to overrun foes . Can climb as spiders and will often drop from the ceiling.\
Finger bones for legs, and a nasty skull for a body, this undead creations are creepy abominations.  \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Snake, Pit Viper (AC 6/14, HD 2, hp 8, At +1 1d4 + poison, Mv 120/40, Sv F1, Mr 7, Al N) Animal\
Bite injects poison, save or die within 1d6 turns. Has +4 initiative.\
Sometimes called lightning snakes, these reptiles are blindingly fast and treat offence as the best form of defence. \
  \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\b \cf0 Topiary Golem
\b0  - medium construct, neutral\
Armour Class 12 \
Hit Points 55 (10d8+10)\
Speed 30 ft \
STR 12 (+1) DEX 10 (+0) CON 12 (+1) INT 6 (-2) WIS 10(+0) CHA 10(+0)\
Damage Immunities poison; bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing from nonmagical weapons that aren\'92t adamantine\
Condition Immunities charmed, exhaustion, frightened, paralyzed, petrified, poisoned\
Senses darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 10 \
Languages understands the languages of its creator but can\'92t speak\
Challenge 4 (1100XP)\
Actions\
Sunlight regeneration. At the end of a round when the golem is in sunlight it regenerates 3d6 hit points. If it is affected by magical or natural darkness, or is an area of low lighting, such as torch light it doesn\'92t regenerate.  \
Immutable Form. The golem is immune to any spell or effect that would alter its form.\
Magic Resistance. The golem has advantage on saving throws against spells and other magical effects.\
Magic Weapons. The golem\'92s weapon attacks are magical.\
Multiattack. The golem makes two branch whip attacks.\
Branch whips. Melee Weapon Attack: +6 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. Hit: 11 (2d8 + 2) slashing damage.\
\'97\'97\
\
\
\
Vile Creeper, Barbed (AC 6/14, HD 1+1, hp 6, At +1 1d6/1d4, Mv 120/40, Sv F1, Mr 8, Al N) Aberration\
Barbed attack, bite attacked. Bite attack only after a successful barb attack, but at +2 to hit. \
Half leech, half tentacle Vile Creepers are universally hated and hunted by other dungeon denizens despite being inedible. The barbed variety are over a metre long, and other types get much much bigger. \
\
Vile Creeper, Suckered (AC 6/14, HD 1+1, hp 6, At +1 1d4 + poison, Mv 120/40, Sv F1, Mr 8, Al N) Aberration\
Sucker attack does no damage but injects paralysis poison, save or be paralysed for 1d4 turns, bite attacked. \
Suckered Vile Creepers look even more like leeches than their cousins and have both a toothy maw at one end and a unpleasant series of suckers at the other.\
\uc0\u8232 Wolf (AC 7/13, HD 2+2, hp 11, At +2 1d6, Mv 180/60, Sv F1, Mr 8, Al N) Animal\
Wolves don\'92t eat people. Or at least nobody has ever returned to report a wolf attack. \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Wraith (AC 3/17, HD 4, hp 16, At +3 1d6, Mv Fly 240/80, Sv F4, Mr 12, Al NE) Undead\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 Shivering necromantic touch does d6 damage and drains 1 level of experience or a hit dice from foe. Foes drained to 0 lvl die and rise as Wraiths in 1d4 days. Immune to non-magic weapons and take half damage from silver weapons. \
Ghostly, malevolent spirits that retain a twisted intelligence and memory of their former selves. Wraiths are often the souls of those who died power hungry and unfulfilled.  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Zombie (AC 8/12, HD 2, hp 10, At +1 1d6, Mv 60/20, Sv F1, Mr 12, AL CE) Undead\
Attacks last, critical hit instantly kills it, two successive hits on an opponent means the Zombie does not need to roll to hit and does 1d6 biting damage a round.\
Shambling nightmares whose hungry spirits want to eat life itself.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Zombie Rotter (AC 8/12, HD 2, hp 1, At +1 1d6, Mv 60/20, Sv F1, Mr 12, AL CE) Undead, Minion\
Attacks last, critical hit instantly kills it.\
Zombies are so decayed that they can barely stand, and are only dangerous in large numbers which that is often how they are encountered. \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Zombie, Famine (AC 8/12, HD 2, hp 8, At +1 1d6, Mv 60/20, Sv F1, Mr 12, AL CE) Undead\
Attacks last, critical hit instantly kills it. All perishable foodstuffs with 10ft of a Famine Zombie will rot and be destroyed. \
Dying in hunger leaves a taint on the world so strong it can bring famine to whole nations. \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0  \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 \
\'a0\
\'a0\
\'a0\
}