{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Region two - Angry Owlbear
\b0 .
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 An ancient and bitter Owlbear lives here. It carries an old wound that slows it down somewhat, but it\'92s power and size makes up for its disability. It's been in the dungeon so long that it's become touched by the Obelisk of Insanity and has gained a strange psychic power. It occasionally leaves the dungeon to hunt, but otherwise exists on a diet of giant rats and stray wanderers. It is a powerful monster and it\'92s lair is littered with treasure. In no way should the GM hide the fact that the Owlbear is very tough, but that the party could flee if they need to.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Running the Angry Owlbear
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs26 Helpful
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Characters with high Nature skills and the inclination might befriend the Owlbear, although the chances of this happening should be low. A very generous GM might have the Owlbear appear on the parties side during a particularly vicious fight elsewhere in the dungeon. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs26 Harmful
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 This is the Owlbears standard stance, it\'92s age and pain makes it belligerent at all times.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs26 Disdainful
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 The Owlbear may have just eaten and might conceivably ignore the party.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 17. Bones and filth : Stench, debris, treasure
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 This large chamber stinks of animal musk and rot. It's strewn with animal furs, bones and dead branches. Amongst this can be seen more humanoid remains, some obviously goblinoid while others suggest larger creatures have also ended up here. The bones all carry huge scratches and many appear to have been snapped in half. Large double doors stand up in the western side of the north wall.
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Anyone searching the room may find a suit of normal sized +1 leather armour on a 4+ on a d6+Dex. A character indicating they are listening near the doors can hear monstrous breathing on a 6+ on a d6 or hear noise roll. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 18. Owlbear's lair : Owlbear, treasure
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 A huge birds nest of branches, fur, feathers and leaves is the most outwardly obvious thing in the chamber. It takes up much of the north west corner, and although empty of life you can see golden reflections glittering in and around the nest. Painted on the walls are scenes of strange dwarf-like figures stood around a black tower in what appears to be communion.
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The Owlbear is almost always found here (a 1 in 20 chance otherwise) and will have sensed the approach of the party unless they have managed to travel perfectly quietly. It lurks hidden in the south west corner when it hears someone approaching, otherwise it maybe asleep on it's nest. It will try and surprise anyone entering and can be extremely quiet after all it's years of hunting these passages. It should be noted again that the Owlbear maybe be too challenging a monster for the players when they first encounter it, but it moves relatively slowly and can be fled from. It makes for a fearsome protagonist throughout the level, seeking out the adventurers and you might, if you wish, use it to herd them into areas you particularly want them to experience.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The treasure trove of the Owlbear is significant and counts as a major reward, so the dungeon master is advised to ensure they face it in combat if they somehow win the treasure first. A +1 mace that\'92s head is golden and represents the sun, a potion of polymorph self, a +1 shield with a gryphon motif, 10 +1 crossbow bolts, a dusty clerics scroll with the spells Cure Disease and Remove Curse on them cast at 9
\fs18 \super th
\fs26 \nosupersub  level. 850 gold pieces, 650 silver pieces and a pair of ornate leather bracers in with silver and diamond dust worth 300 g.p. each.   
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Angry Owlbear (AC 5/15 HD 5, hp 25, At 1d8/1d8/1d6 or screech, Mv 60/20, Mr 8, Al N)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Screech attack: All within 10ft radius of Owlbear makes save versus paralysis or be held for a 1d3 rounds) Monster}