{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Region three - Playground Of Osenzenein
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb2 This region is littered with traps and oddities. Osenzenein was, and perhaps still is, a magician of great power but like so many unprincipled mages he grew bored with power and set about creating dungeons and traps throughout the world so that he might amuse himself by remotely viewing those who fall into his clutches. And as with many such unhinged trapmakers he offers some kind of reward for the brave or foolish, should they survive.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb2 Note : All the gems are enchanted to be immune and repulse magic, so summoned creatures and magic hand spells cannot pick them up.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 19. Rainbow bridge trap : rainbow columns, gem, trap, secret door
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 The floor of this chamber is 20ft below the corridor and covered in vicious looking iron spikes. Against the west wall is a plinth that is the base for some sort of great lizards claw that clutches a glittering and large ruby. Between the plinth and the main entrance are a number of 3 ft round pillars that are tiled with coloured brick, these appear in the following order - 
\b Red Orange Yellow Green Turquoise Blue Indigo Violet
\b0 . All over the walls are faded sketches of eyes of many different species.\'a0
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb2 Jumping between each pillar is a 3+ on D6+Dex or Str, however the Turquoise square is an illusion and sends the character into the spikes. Jumping from Green to Blue is a 6+ on a d6+Dex or Str jump. A fail causes 3d6 damage, including extra from the spikes. It's a ordinary climb out, but the spikes block anyone attempting to move too far, so only the next column can be scaled. Once someone reaches the plinth the spikes retract and the gem can be safely retrieved. If the character on the plinth makes a 6+ on D6+Dex search they will spot the secret door behind the plinth. The gem itself is worth 300 g.p. and is part of a further reward.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 20. Keystone floor trap : door, runes, trap, boot
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 The floor to this chamber is made from slabs of granite stone unused elsewhere that you've seen. Three pairs of gleaming steel doors lead off north, south and west. The doors have subtle carvings, depicting dwarves hard at work constructing what can only be traps. Dwarven runes are carved above each door. Each door is however identical and none have key holes. The floor slabs are so perfectly made that little dirt has managed to get in between the cracks.\'a0
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb2 The runes read "What or question" to the south, "Lies, untruths" to the west and "beneath" to the north. An inquisitive party might seek to find out what lies beneath them, but this is an unfortunate course of action as the tightly bound stone covers a pit trap that consumes the whole floor. It's quite difficult to pull up the stones 5+ on a d6+Str check and hard to spot the danger. The fall is 10ft (1d6 damage). In the area beneath the floor is a solid metal boot made from fools gold it appears to be worth 100 g.p. but is actually only worth 5 g.p. On the underside of the boot is written in common "Two ways through, both worthy routes, but happiness is had by the those that return". The doors can be swung open just by pushing them.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 21. Gas and dogs trap : trap, doors, Iron hounds, double gas trap
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 If the party approaches via the main door.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 A set of steel double doors block the way, although ornate door handles in the shape of dogs heads suggest they can be opened outwardly.
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 The chamber behind is bare and white washed, save for 4 metal panels that line the wall at the far side. The panels are flush against the floor and are about 3 feet square. Looking up, you notice a stone hand reaches out of the centre of the ceiling, delicately holding what appears to be an emerald. \'a0 \'a0
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 A 6+ on a d6+Dex check will allow someone looking in to spot the crudely carved skull shapes that have been carved into the whitewash above the panels.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The area in front and behind the main door is trapped so that if more weight is applied to the two squares (10ft x 5ft) behind the doors than the two front of them the trap is fired. The door swings shuts and locks. Then the metal panels shoot up revealing spaces containing Iron hounds that have be commanded to rend anyone in the room. This potentially separates the party as heavily armoured characters weigh a great deal more than those without. The DM should ask for a marching order and figure out at what point the trap is sprung. Combat should proceed normally on the first turn, however a yellow gas is released into the room at the start of the 2nd round (before the highest initiative), this affects the entire room and is a poison attack affecting all non-constructs and reduces move to 5\'92 a round. At the start of the 4th round green gas is released, which is also a poison attack that causes all non-constructs to be immobilized. These gases wear off after 2d4 rounds. If the dog constructs are defeated then the characters can retrieve the emerald, worth 400 g.p. and is part of the same set as the ruby in area 19.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 If the party come through the secret door, it's less likely they'll set off the trap by accident unless they specifically examine the steel door.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 4 Iron hounds, 2 traps. \'a0\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Iron hound (AC 3/17, HD 1, hp 4, At 1d6, Mv 150/50, Sv F1, Mr 12, Al N) Construct
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 This golem like construction is immune to mind affecting spells, poison and disease.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 22. Fossil Trap : ammonite, petrification trap, gem 
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 This room appears bare and cut from rough hewed stone. Set into the western wall is the fossil of a huge snail-like creature whose spiral shell coils into what appears to be a large sapphire of excellent quality in the centre. Rubble lies scattered on the floor.\'a0
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Any attempt to prize the sapphire out of the wall will cause the wall to fall over and into the room. Anyone standing with 10 feet of the wall is attacked by a +5 vs AC attack, doing 2d8 damage. However the characters can rig up ways of setting off the trap and retrieving the sapphire. The sapphire is worth 500 gp.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 23. Osenzenein's Reward - NOT 30 : traps, rot-spider, final reward
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 The doors open into a large chamber, most of which seems inaccessible because of iron bars that separate the area in to cells. The wall are well decorated with scenes portraying great luxury. Against the far north wall is a statue of a alluring nymph holding out her palms, upon which rests a large diamond. 
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 The bars divide part of the room into four cells. Each cell contains a narrow cylindrical plinth shaped like upward turned hands, similar to the statues. On the south wall some sort of slogan or poem is written, but it\'92s obscured by cobwebs and cannot be read. 
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The text reads in common \'93
\i Murder cried the drunken man who was backward to the crime, before autumn turned the stout leaves brown the crime was hued a brighter shade, and so done without a thought and beneath a cloudless sky, the vagabonds blood stained cupping hands but did expose him to his rich rewards
\i0 \'94. However to read this the characters must somehow push the cobwebs away, requiring a long pole of some sort or perhaps a familiar. The bars are magically strong and cannot be destroyed or altered in anyway. The gap between them is 6 inches and each bar is an inch in diameter. \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The first cage requires the ruby to be placed on the hands of the plinth. If this is done, the bars to the south fade away and the characters can step through into the south part of the chamber. If any other type of gem is placed on it, a fireball materialises above the hand and explodes doing 6d6 damage, halved if a save vs wands is made. The ruby disappears immediately \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The first time anyone touches the bars of the second cage, a horrible undead 
\b rot-spider
\b0  squeezes into existence on the ceiling above the character and attacks. The spider\'92s stealth is incredible, and characters are surprised unless they make +6 on a d6 + Dex. If the spider is defeated, the bars dissolve in thin air.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The second plinth only takes the emerald. Any other gem placed on it instantly causes great gusts of green poisonous gas to fill the chamber. The gas is a poison attack that will do 2d4 damage. It also dazes the characters even on a miss. If the character fails their first saving throw, the daze effect lasts until the character has an extended rest. The emerald into dust shatters when this happens
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Placing the emerald onto the plinth dissolves the bars into the third cage. This cage requires the sapphire to remove the bars into the final cage. Anything but the sapphire will cause a massive psychic storm to erupt in the chamber. Causing 1d100 damage, half if the character makes a save versus petrify. The sapphire melts as if ice when this happens, the liquid it leaves behind could be collected a used as a potion of longevity. \'a0\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 The final plinth require blood. Enough blood to cause 2 points of damage will soak the hands in blood and cause the final cage bars to dissolve. When this happens the nymph statue transforms into a clone of the creature who\'92s blood was used to open the cage. However the clone is still made of stone and gains +5 to it\'92s AC, +2 to all attacks and +20 hit points. It is also in full health, stone-like equipment and has all powers, used or unused, that the creature would have. The clone doesn\'92t talk and attacks the party immediately. In the process of transformation the creature drops the large well cut diamond worth approximately 3000 g.p. If it was set in jewelry it could be improve the value further.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 24. Corridor Of Fears : fear trap
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 A long corridor stretches before you that seems to dim unnaturally. Murals depict spectral ghosts and wraiths engulfing fearful human-like figures. A subtle cold draft seems to come from the darkness ahead.
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 This corridor is indeed haunted by barely substantial spirits, tied to the hall by some ancient magic. They cannot leave the area and cannot be destroyed. Anyone travelling down the corridor will be battered by a dis-corporate claws, must make make 6+ on d6+Wis roll or be pushed them back 10-40 feet in fear. If a character is hampered three times this way, they start taking 1d6 cold damage with each successful attack too. Once a character makers it to end of the character the spirits will never attack that character again.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 25. Chamber Of Courage : fresh water, safety
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 Cool, clean air, as if from a mountain pass, pervades this chamber. An attractive ornamental fountain displaying travellers at rest dominates the centre of the room while artistic scenes of a great wizard defeating demons and congratulating adventurers cover the walls. The entry door is sturdy and heavy metal bolts would allow you to bar the door from the inside. 
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The fountain provides clean drinking water and radiates minor conjuration and abujation magic. No evil presence can be sensed from the room or fountain. The doors are truly solid and would require great strength or time to batter down if bolted and everyone in the room is subject to a permanent Protection From Evil spell. \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 26. The Immortal Sage : Angellic sage
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 Before you stands an impressive white marble statue of winged being of noble appearance. It's body flows into tail of seeming fiery cloud rather than legs and it's face is handsome yet half formed. It stands as resisting some blast or spell. In one hand it holds a mighty long sword, while in the other it grips a short blade carved to look like it is burning. Something about the figure leaves you feeling both lonely and sad.
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The statue is actually an Angel called Mith Kon Vere, petrified by a spell cast on it a thousand years ago by a sorceress of antiquity. A 5+ on a d6+Wis will identify the subject and any character who knows good stone work will be impressed by the skill of 'maker'. His curse allows him to answer the first three questions he hears on any subject, once month. He knows much about the dungeon and was placed here by Osenzenein for amusement some three hundred years back. If the characters can find a way to release him, he will willingly serve them to the point of discorporation and zero hit points, treat him as Lammasu that uses weapons and armour instead of claws. However his memories fade as he turns back to flesh. \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 27. Broken Trap : axe trap, skeleton
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 This chamber is distinct because of the two huge bronze axe blades that hang from the ceiling near the centre of the room, while a smashed skeleton of some large humanoid lies beneath one of them. It appears that the blades are part of a trap that has failed to reset.
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The body is that of a Bugbear and was long ago stripped of anything useful.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 28. Nimbral's Staff : cursed item
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 The room beyond the door is lime green coloured and about 20 feet square. Mosaics made from round dark green tiles depicting many headed serpents occupy each of the four corners of the room. A stone plinth, some 7 foot square and also carved from green sits at the center of the room, rising to about 3 feet from floor level. A majestic staff lies across the plinth, cut from creamy coloured wood and shod with what maybe white gold. Around the plinth lie the remains of three skeletons of approximately human size, there clothes rotted away and only their decrepit and archaic bronze swords and helms remain. Solid metal doors bar exits in the north and west walls. The northern door has a clever pattern etched into which appears as both a skull and a winged angel at the same time, while the west door is plain and a little tarnished. \'a0
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 A find traps or detect stone work traps will reveal the small holes that emerge from under the the plinth and that the mosaics are all pressure pads. However this trap is a forgery and nothing will happen if the tiles are touched. The real trap is the staff, crafted by Osenzenein's apprentice Nimbral, who was famed for his dislike of incompetence. It works identically to a +1 staff until the first time the player rolls a 1 to hit. From that moment on the staff drains 1d4 hp from the character whenever it misses an enemy with an attack. Worse still the staff cannot be put down, as the bearer finds at least one hand clench around it at anytime. Allow the players to be creative, perhaps a Dispel Magic utility spell will reset the staff until the the bearer rolls a 1 again.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The door north can be easily opened, while the door to the west cannot be opened from this side and seems magically sealed, requiring at least 10th level wizard casting knock to open.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 29. Coward's Reward : minor reward, vandals trap
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 Another square chamber lies beyond, with plain stone walls. A wooden desk and chair sits dead center illuminated by a magical spot light. On the desk, which has a single drawer under the writing surface, sits a piece of paper, a quill and ink bottle. The polished steel door in the west wall has a thin golden inlay that displays a bearded man\'92s face of noble countenance.\'a0
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Further examination of shows that there is writing on the paper, that reads in common "You have gone far enough and may turn back now. Sign below and your reward shall be beneath you." Below are a number of names written in different handwriting, such as "Gorn The Red Shadow", "Mykul Ottohand", "Thurg", "Twelve Fingered Shinkel", "Utar The Slayer". The ink bottle is full and the quill fresh. If a character writes their name upon the sheet a slight thud comes from the draw beneath the desk, which now contains a small bar of gold worth 50 g.p.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Should a character go beyond the door to the west their gold disappears and their name is magically wiped from the piece of paper. The quill also stops working for them and nothing will allow them to write on the sheet.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Any attempt to remove, destroy or damage any of the items in this room will result in bolts of lightning shooting down from the ceiling, 5d6 damage, save vs wands for half, on each offender per round until they stop. The items are magically strong and require removal and ritual disenchanting to destroy.}