{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Region six - Domain Of The First To Eat Clan (47-65)
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b \cf0 47. Device Of Blades : moving barricade, goblins
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i \cf0 Ahead of you is 10 foot wide corridor that appears to end in a wooden wall with various blades and spikes protruding from it towards out. You immediately realise that the wall is mobile and starting to rush towards you!
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 The goblins have converted an old cart they captured, boarded up the back end and drove all manner of rusty swords and daggers through the wood. They use this when anyone opens the doors to the main corridor that they don\'92t like. The wooden wall has enough gaps in it for the goblins to easily spot intruders and the carts harnesses have be re-purposed to allow goblins to push it. \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 The cart can only travel as far as the door and is relatively easy to avoid, unless of course the players are being chased into the corridor. However to get passed the adventurers need to hack and move around the wood for a round, making them vulnerable to attacks from the goblins behind.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 If the characters faced down the cart, they are attacked at +2 doing 1d12 damage. It\'92s very difficult to get passed, and takes two combat rounds before a character can engage in hand to hand combat, during which they\'92ll be peppered by arrows. \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280
\cf0 4 Goblin warriors (AC 6/14, HD 1-1, hp 4, At 1d6, Mv 90/30, Sv 0h, Mr 7, Al CE) Humanoid\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 Spear, hand axe, club or short sword, Shield. \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280
\cf0 2 Goblin archers (AC 7/13, HD 1-1, hp 3, At 1d6 or 1d4, Mv 90/30, Sv 0h, Mr 7, Al CE) Humanoid\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 +1 to hit with their short bows due to dexterity adjustment, dagger. Short bow, 1d12 arrows, daggers.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b \cf0 48. Eastern Shooting Gallery
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i \cf0 This odd shaped and tidy area is decorated by recently painted naive but attractive landscape drawings on the wall. Light floods in through arrow slights in the western wall illuminating rows of hay beds, pots and what appears to be paints. Four goblins clutch crossbows, bolts aimed at you, stand in the far corner of the room.
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 One of the goblins here is responsible for the paintings and the group are rather proud of him and his work. If the characters immediately compliment them on the work they may react in a friendly manner. Otherwise they\'92ll loose their arrows at the lead character in unison and cry out for support from 49 who will arrive in 2 rounds.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280
\cf0 4 Goblin archers (AC 7/13, HD 1-1, hp 3, At 1d6 or 1d4, Mv 90/30, Sv 0h, Mr 7, Al CE) Humanoid\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 +1 to hit with their short bows due to dexterity adjustment, dagger. Short bow, 1d12 arrows, daggers.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b \cf0 49. More Archers
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i \cf0 Mold and damp have permeated the walls of this rooms and an immediate unpleasant musky smell hits your nostrils. Light from overgrown arrow slits provides some illumination. More goblins cower in towards the back of the room, bows half-heartedly drawn.
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 The goblins here are have been using a corner of their room for their toilet. \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280
\cf0 3 Goblin archers (AC 7/13, HD 1-1, hp 3, At 1d6 or 1d4, Mv 90/30, Sv 0h, Mr 7, Al CE) Humanoid\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 +1 to hit with their short bows due to dexterity adjustment, dagger. Short bow, 1d12 arrows, daggers.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b \cf0 50. Goblin Reinforcements
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i \cf0 The chamber appears to be a guard room, with tables, bunks and sword racks. Several goblins are here reaching for their weapons, and it seems you have disturbed an unpleasant game of chance involving dice, hammers and live mice. 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 The goblins here are lead by a seasoned under boss and will attack the party to the best of their abilities. Hidden in one of the bunks is a gaudy, but gold and pearl earring worth 150 gp. The small door in the north east corner is badly hidden behind and any search of the room will reveal it on DC 12 perception check. The unlocked door and corridor are roughly cut, narrow and low hanging. A dwarf or anyone with similar experience will identify it as a fairly recent addition. \'a0\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280
\cf0 Goblin bully (AC 6/14, HD 2, hp 10, At 1d8, Mv 90/30, Sv F1, Mr 8, Al CE) Humanoid\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 Battleaxe, shield.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280
\cf0 3 Goblin warriors (AC 6/14, HD 1-1, hp 4, At 1d6, Mv 90/30, Sv 0h, Mr 7, Al CE) Humanoid\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 Spear, hand axe, club or short sword, Shield. \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280
\cf0 2 Goblin archers (AC 7/13, HD 1-1, hp 3, At 1d6 or 1d4, Mv 90/30, Sv 0h, Mr 7, Al CE) Humanoid\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 +1 to hit with their short bows due to dexterity adjustment, dagger. Short bow, 1d12 arrows, daggers.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b \cf0 51. Guards
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i \cf0 Entry into this chamber reveals a barren, whitewashed room that\'92s seen better days. Unpleasant stains splash the walls and great stretches are pealing off to review lurid ritual art. Six well armed goblins occupy the room and seem to be mustering for a fight.
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280
\cf0 2 Goblin skull cleavers (AC 6/14, HD 1+1, hp 6, At 1d8, Mv 90/30, Sv F1, Mr 7, Al CE) Humanoid\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 Battleaxe, shield.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280
\cf0 4 Goblin warriors (AC 6/14, HD 1-1, hp 4, At 1d6, Mv 90/30, Sv 0h, Mr 7, Al CE) Humanoid\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 Spear, hand axe, club or short sword, Shield. \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b \cf0 52. Unused sleeping area
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i \cf0 You enter into a vacant chamber. It seems to be used as sleeping quarters as many straw pallets occupy the floor. The walls in here are mouldering yellow ochre and faint artwork seems to depict worship of an elder grain goddess. A wooden plaque nailed to the door in the south has goblin-scrawl symbols on it.
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 Nothing of value will be found by searching, save for a variety of attractively coloured insects. Anyone who can read goblin knows the sign says \'91Hall Of Noshing\'92. Depending on what\'92s going on in the hall beyond, the characters maybe able to hear goblins through the door.\
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b \cf0 53. Hall of Noshing
\b0 \
This large room serves the goblins as their main hall, where the eat, fight and snooze as a community. Either pick an event or roll for what's going on right now.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 1 Empty\
2-3 Snoozing\
4 Merriment\
5 Fighting\
6 King\'92s court\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 Empty :
\i  
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i \cf0 The doors open into a large, smokey chamber. Rough tables and benches are scattered about a smouldering firepit in the centre of the room, and the remains of food and drink are scattered on the floor. The chamber is eerily quiet considering it\'92s size.
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 Snoozing : This is only the case if the party enter quietly, otherwise the goblins will be waking up. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i \cf0 The doors open into a large, smokey chamber. Rough tables and benches are scattered about a smouldering firepit in the centre of the room, and the remains of food and drink are scattered on the floor. A number of goblins are also strewn around the room, some sleeping while sitting at the tables, but most have curled up on floor. The sound of snoring and mumbling spike the smokey gloom. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i0 \cf0 There are 1d6 warriors, 1d6 archers, 1d4 stabbers and 3d4 runts sleeping off an banquet here. They\'92ll wake groggily, \uc0\u8722 1 to all rolls in the first 3 rounds of combat if the party attacks. \'a0\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
Merriment : 
\i Behind the doors you can hear the sounds of many goblins raising their voices in merriment. Bawdy goblin songs, shouting and laughter ring out. \
\
The room beyond is large and smokey, with a fire pit in the centre and numerous low benches and chairs set out chaotically. Steaming cauldrons and dubious flagons of ale throw out strong aromas. Dozens of goblins sit or stand around, some on the tops of benches, singing goblin songs badly. At the far end of the room a goblin sits brooding atop of wooden throne, flanked by heavily armed warriors.  
\i0 \
\
There are 1d6 warriors, 1d6 archers, 1d4 stabbers and 4d4 runts joining in the party, while the goblin king, Grodsnuk and 4 goblin skull cleavers sit at the back.  \
\
Fighting : \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b \cf0 54. Goblin living quarters
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b \cf0 55. Snezak The Horned\'92s room
\b0 \
Somewhere in Snezaks bloodline is something a little devilish, and he has inherited his horns and fire magic from his devilish lineage. He acts as the kings warlord, and is always accompanied by goblin skull cleavers. He has little interest in rule, and is generally given whatever he wants by the king. If the King aligns with the party Snezak will vocally against the plan, and if the party shows any weakness or failure will seek to overthrown the king, kill the PCs and place another king in charge.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b \cf0 56. Cooking chamber
\b0 \

\b 57. Goblin living quarters
\b0 \

\b 58. Guard chambers and casino
\b0 \

\b 59. Musterhall and Chamberlain Gutso The Fat\'92s room
\b0 \

\b 60. Guards of the King
\b0 \
Shriekers\

\b 61. Reaping Madkin\'92s lair
\b0 \

\b 62. King Grodsnik Heart Chewer\'92s abode
\b0 \

\b 63. Chamber of silence
\b0 \
A great enchantment makes this room utterly silent. No noise, however loud can be heard or made in or from it. The goblins find this room too eerie to use, so they turned it into a store room for junk. The goblins therefore haven\'92t found the secret door, which the Star Trap gnomes use to spy on them from time to time. \

\b 64. Hidden treasures
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i \cf0 This hidden door leads to a small chamber which appears to have had some sort of fire or explosion in it judging by the scorch marks obscuring the walls. A blackened skeleton lies next to an open chest that seems to have retained it\'92s content and contains gold, jewellery and what looks like a potion bottle.
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 The chest is not trapped and the characters are free to take the treasure. Mixed in with the gold is large amounts of copper coins. The monetary treasure works out to 80 gold pieces and 400 copper. There are some simple pieces of jewelry worth 75 g.p., 50 g.p. and two worth 25 g.p., Also sticking out is a potion of healing. \'a0\
The gnomes leave this treasure here in the hope that it\'92ll distract the curious from searching for the second secret door that leads to their watch post on this level. The potion is here for emergencies also. \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b \cf0 65. Strange sigils}