{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Region seven - Crawling Warrens (66-76)
\b0 \
The bizarre tunnels between rooms in this area are unlike anywhere else on this level, being cylindrical rather than rectangular in shape. The appear, and indeed may have been, eaten out of the rock be huge worms rather than carved by the elementals and other workers who built much of the dungeon. A lone Farspawn Returned who coalesced in the dungeon because of the obelisk wanders these tunnels, building crude traps and adding to it's hideous art gallery. Other sinister forces once lived here and their influence too can be found. The DM is encourage to pick their moment well when the Returned attacks, and perhaps retreat before it is properly seen for the first encounter. The Farspawn Returned is a dangerous foe for low level characters, however it might not last long in a stand up fight.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Farspawn Returned (AC 4/16, HD 4, At 1d4/1d4/1d6, Mv 90/30, Sv F2 Mr 12, Al CE) Aberration\
Attacks with two claws and a bite. The returned has the abilities of a 4th level thief and also may cast confusion once a day as a 10ht level magic user. It may use it\'92s backstab ability on all it\'92s attacks when able to do so.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b \cf0 66. Goblin Corpse Montage : tree of bodies
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i \cf0 A repugnant sight greets you in middle of this twisting corridor. A tree, made from what looks like limbs and torsos of goblins reaches up almost to ceiling. It is adorned with shrivelled heads, hung like apples from the branches of the construction. 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 The goblins bodies are decomposing and some are in an advanced stage of rot. \
\

\b 67. The Smiling Skulls Trap : skulls in roof, trap
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i \cf0 Otherwise unremarkable, the odd shaped area has a huge skull motif covering much of the ceiling. As you look up further you realise that skull pattern itself is made up from real skulls. Several different races are represented in the artwork, if that\'92s what it can be called. As you stare up at them, you also notice the glint of gold.
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 The skulls that form the eye sockets appear to have been blackened with fire and they themselves have gold pieces jammed into their eye sockets. Somehow the Returned has trapped this coins so that if coins are removed the skulls all tumble to the floor and explode in necrotic fire when they hit anything. Anyone standing beneath the mural, is struck by blast of negative energy and fire, doing 1d10 negative energy damage and 1d10 fire damage. Save versus breath weapons for half damage. \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 There are 60 gold coins in total. \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b \cf0 68. Hidden Map Room : maps
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i \cf0 This circular chamber is empty and feels very ancient. A thick layer of grime covers all the floors celling and walls, although the source isn\'92t clear.
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 The grime covers a map that was painted onto the walls long before the collapse of the Mushroom King area. Most notable on this map is room mark in archaic common as leading to the tomb of Judder (area 46 on the dungeon map). It also depicts a chair or throne in that chamber. The teleportation magic that should take the characters to the Tomb has failed, unless the DM wants to transport the players there. \
\
This is a map room, and if the dungeon master wishes they may link maps and paintings to other 3
\fs18 \super rd
\fs26 \nosupersub  party places. \
HANDOUT - Map painting showing teleport to tomb of Judder\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b \cf0 69. Starchamber : star map, wizards chamber
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i \cf0 The dominant feature of this round room, carved out of the rock like one half of a sphere is the star map painted on the curved surface. It\'92s old and in places the paint as peeled, but you can recognise some well known constellations and disturbing a few that are utterly alien to you. There is a strange and out of place sense of eerie peace here compared to the other chambers in this section of the dungeon. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i0 \cf0 Anyone with an interest in astrology and and astronomy can study the sky map, and doing so will   give the character a 50% chance of immediately recognising the constellation of the unicorn, needed to open the door in room 31. They\'92ll also start to feel like they are being drawn into the stars or that the distant between them and the void is shrinking. A wizard who has cast Contact Zhulbluhb'Tck'Nere (see new spells) previously fill find that they randomly relearn one of their already cast spells when they do so. However any kind of studying thins the veil between the material world and the far realm. There is a 1 in 6 chance creatures will step through. Roll a d4 On a 1 1d4 dimension shamblers will appear, on a 2 1d6 Farspawn Mind Worms, on a 3 1d6 Farspawn Teeth Eels and on a 4 1d4 of each.  \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b \cf0 70. Chamber Of Black Tentacles : door, tentacles
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i \cf0 You\'92ve reached what appears to be a cross roads of tunnels, and for once the floor is fairly even. The south wall has be carved flat and is dominated by a large imposing double iron door. Decals depict skulls, demons and abstract symbols, while the frame has been carved to appear as if sharp stone teeth protrude from the stone. Door knockers, shaped like winged skulls add to the grotesque appearance. 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 The door is locked and trapped, anyone attempting to knock or open the door in any other way without saying the password, a long lost and forgotten phrase, will be attacked by horrible black tentacles that appear out of the wall.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f1\fs30 \cf0 10 Horrible Black Tentacles (AC 5/15, HD 1, Hps 1, At 1d6 + slow, Mv special, Sv F1, Mr 12, Al N) Aberration, Minion
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs30 Successful hits by the black tentacles cause the target to be slowed as per the spell if they fail a save versus spells. Tentacles cannot travel on their own and are anchored in place by the magic that summoned. However they are 20 feet long end to end so can reach far from their anchor point.
\f0\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b \cf0 71. Dead Larvae : undead maggots\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i\b0 \cf0 Lying on the floor appear to be dead giant maggots, each a foot long and something has arranged them into a spiral pattern. A green glowing light appears from them, as you look on semi corporeal forms start to peel of from the bodies, inching and squirming towards you.  
\i0\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b0 \cf0 \
Giant insect larvae have been killed, preserved and arranged in spiral patterns by the Farspawn Returned. The alien magic here has animated them as wraith like creatures. 12 wraith maggots. \
\

\b 72. Rotting Oranges : rotting oranges\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i\b0 \cf0 You first notice the faint smell of rotting fruit before you see scattered here dozens of large oranges in various stages of decomposition. 
\i0 \
 \
These oranges are from the magical orange tree found further into the dungeon. The Returned collects them, but can\'92t eat them. The very freshest fruit still has some healing power and will restore 1d4 hit points. Other fruit will cause the consumer to be taken ill (-1 on all dice rolls) for a day with stomach cramps if they fail a save versus poison. \'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b \cf0 73. Awaiting Room : magic symbols
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i \cf0 This chamber is adorned with magical symbols, formula and runes, while mouldering furniture rots in the centre of it. Set in each wall are large green soapstone pentacles, carved with runes in a worming script. The chamber feels oppressive and as if a blanket of silence was thrown over it, muffling sound. 
\i0  \
\
The chamber is heavily enchanted against planar creatures, including elementals, demons, devils and undead. Any such being, including familiars will cry out in fear, and must indeed make a save versus spells without any bonuses other than there hit dice level or flee in terror. The green soapstone pentacles can be pried off the walls with a combined strength of 20 working at it. They are extremely heavy, and require a combined strength of 23 to carry, so it\'92s a two or three person job. However they\'92d sell for at least 1000 g.p. each to the right wizard or in the deep market below. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b \cf0 74. The Long Dead Wizard : demon, spell\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i\b0 \cf0 The centre point to this room is the partially collapsed skeleton of man sat in an impressive chair, wearing fading finery. To the skeleton\'92s left is a large open book, sat on a book stand. in front of the skeleton is a firebowl that\'92s floating purple fire illuminates the room. As you you enter, a demonic face appears in the flame and starts to speak. 
\i0  \
\
A lesser demon, Grarthrax The Meddler, was trapped in the fire by the long dead wizard who died of a heart attack while questioning the demon. Seventy years have passed and the demon wants to be free, which can be achieved by smashing the bowl. The demon will offer to contact it\'92s patron lord on behalf of the players and answer three questions as if they\'92d cast a Contact Other Plane spell, only there is no chance of insanity, with a 20% chance of not knowing the answer and 85% chance of a true answer. If the characters agree to the pact, the demon will honour it and disappear once the bowl is broken. However if they don\'92t break the bowl, the patron will be angered and will release the demon itself who will attack the party.\
\
Grarthrax The Meddler  \
\
The wizards book contains the spells Summon Horrible Black Tentacles (see new spells) and Ray Of Enfeeblement, which wizards could copy into their own spell book. The wizard has a ring of spell storing, which has rolled under the chair. The ring has the following spells stored in it Protection From Evil, Levitate and Monster Summoning 1. All cast at 12
\fs18 \super th
\fs26 \nosupersub  level. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b \cf0 75. Weapons Racks
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i \cf0 This chamber is dominated by massive weapons racks holding huge warcleavers and battle mauls. The weapons are dull and a little rusty but look deadly and fit for the hands of ogres of giants rather than humans. 
\i0 \
\
There are 12 warcleavers and 17 battle mauls, which are all very heavy. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b \cf0 76. Chamber Of Bones\

\b0 Note pushing the doors open is extra difficult here because of the bones.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i \cf0 Once you finally get the doors open to this chamber, it\'92s plainly obvious why it was so difficult. The room is filled, to human waist height, in bone shards. They appear to be mostly humanoid and human sized, but some are also larger or smaller. Most are broken with sharp edges. A single door on the other side of the door is the only other thing of note in the chamber.
\i0\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b0 \cf0 \
The bones are entirely normal and nothing untoward will happen if the party enters the room. However characters without heavy armour will find the bones painful and sustain 1d6 points of damage travelling through the room. }