{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Star Trap Gnomes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f1\b\fs26 \cf0 77. Star Trap Gnomes 
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f1\fs26 \cf0 The Star Trap Gnomes are an clan of gnomes that have lived and been changed by the dungeon over the coarse of hundreds of years. Their immense stealth and natural invisibility means they have travelled vast swaths of the dungeon without ever being notice. In the background they help maintain the status quo within it\'92s depths and have seen many factions, and many adventuring parties, rise and fall. Occasionally they will aid some against others. Their real power base is many levels down, but they maintain outposts on each level and secret caches of magic and treasure to use as they see fit.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f1\fs26 \cf0 Two Star Trap Gnomes are currently living on the first level and relatively inexperienced. While they see the Pig-Faced orcs are dangerous, they assume that they will blow themselves out quite quickly if they grow confident enough to descend further into the dungeon. They hope though that the orcs might be strong enough to destroy the necromantic device of Thandrak The Black before they do and are scheming to make that happen. They don\'92t care much for the goblins who they consider a pest, but consider the Myconids to be a benign addition the dungeon ecosystem. \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs26  
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs26 The Gnomes dress in large black cloaks with deep, pointed hoods. They move silently and appear almost to float across the ground, and actually some of the more powerful Gnomes levitate naturally at will. 
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f1\b\fs26 \cf0 Running the Star Trap Gnomes
\f0\b0\fs24 \

\f1\b\fs26 Helpful
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f1\fs26 \cf0 The Gnomes may decide that the adventurers are able to defeat the necromantic device, in which case they\'92ll likely sneak a message to the party, warning them of the danger but indicate that treasures can be found in the secret chambers. At this point they Gnomes are unlikely to actual contact with the party unless discovered. 
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f1\b\fs26 \cf0 Harmful
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f1\fs26 \cf0 The Gnomes have decided that the adventurers are reckless at best and dangerous at worst and thwart them at odd times. This may include theft and backstabbing but it\'92s more likely that they will lead one wander monster into the path of the party after another.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f1\b\fs26 \cf0 Disdainful
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f1\fs26 \cf0 The Gnomes will ignore the party and do everything they can to hide from them. Given their stealth this is most likely. They won\'92t begrudge, yet, the adventurers looting their cache if the adventurers find their hidden chambers, although they might somehow warn them off from messing with the gnomes in future. 
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f1\b\fs26 \cf0 The Room Itself
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f1\i\fs26 \cf0 Behind the cunning secret door is a large and well furnished room. A set of 5 comfortable, if small, beds line two walls, while a worktop along another appears to used as a kitchen, with several jugs and foodstuffs left out, you notice some of which are fresh and half eaten. From another wall pegs hold short, heavy black cloaks. Strange metal tubes run along parts of walls and a large chest also holds your interest. 
\f0\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f1\fs26 \cf0 Exio Coppertooth - Star Trap Gnome, Tivolak Keystaff - Star Trap Gnome}