{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 The Obelisk Of Insanity
\b0  is a huge spike of condensed mind matter from the Far Realm. It runs through many levels of the dungeon, growing in width and function. Various sages have proposed that the origins of the very first areas of the dungeon were to study or worship the Obelisk. While its powers vary from region to region, it acts as a doorway to things from the Far Realm and many of the aberrant creatures found in the deeps owe it their existence in the mortal world. The Toolizith Coven built magical doors to the chambers that surround the Obelisk and locked them with magical Obelisk keys. Each door requires a number of Obelisk keys to open, the deeper doors needing more keys, so that only the highest members of the order may access the chambers. The obelisk itself appears as huge monolith of dark crystal, run through with veins of purple, shifting mists of deep red and filled with captured stars. It is these very stars that the dungeon gets it's common name from, although this fact is rarely know. While the majority of it's vertical shape is four sided, sections sometimes have up to seven sides. Peering into it for more than a minute causes the local surface to become more and more mirrored, although the reflection is warped, often with enlarged craniums and horrible alien eyes.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 83. Obelisk of Insanity level 1 - Chamber Of Violent Runes.
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb2 Two Obelisk keys are required to open the door, three of which can be found on the first level. Inside is the room is very top of the huge purple obelisk that runs through many of the levels of the dungeon. Floating around the obelisk are six strange runes that seem to be carved from vile fleshy material. If anyone, with or without gloves, touches the Obelisk, the runes turn to Fell Taints. The touching character is dazed, as their heads swims with visions of the Far Realm for the first round, loses a point of Wisdom but randomly gains 1 point in another stat, (save ends). The second failed save means the change lasts until the end of the next extended rest, while the third fail means the change is permanent and no further saving rolls will help. The character may choose to fail all saves. Each time these runes are destroyed, new, bigger runes will form over a period of several days, until then the transformation power of the obelisk is too weak to function. The bones of adventurers, along with their equipment lie moulding here. Amongst the debris is a +1 Short Sword of Frost, 400 s.p., 280 g.p. and another Obelisk key. The room is trapped with randomly placed psychic damage traps the push, daze or weaken victims. The obelisk radiates strongly with psychic power and madness.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb2 Star-pact warlocks are likely to be particularly entranced by the Obelisk, and the Obelisk will respond. Star-pact warlocks may make a secret pact with the Obelisk XX
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb2 2 Fell Taint Darters, 2 Fell Taint Lashers, a Pulsar and a Thought Eater.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 Rooms in section two}