{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Lost and forgotten Freya
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb2 This areas consists of two rooms, the first trapped and seemingly empty except for a few scattered bones, while the second is hidden and contains four Shadow Spirits and treasure.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb2 The door to chamber A is the switch to the magical trap in the room beyond. TRAP It's a hard level 4 DC to spot the faint runes on the rim of the doorway, to disarm the trap a further . Once activated the first chamber is thrown into magical darkness that blocks normal and low-light vision completely. However because of the divine nature of the statue in the chamber B, this magic is nullified every other round, starting on the first round after the door has been opened. Once the door as been opened describe the room.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb2 This chamber beyond the door is relatively empty, a few bones lie scattered about the 20ft wide by 40ft long room. The room smells dry and lifeless with crude but effective murals adorning the plastered walls that depict black humanoids descending on maidens who appear to offer no resistance. The ceiling is quite low and unfinished. You are just beginning to take more of the room in when suddenly the place is plunged into total darkness.\'a0 \'a0 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb2 The players should roll for initiative and describe what they do before you lay out any floor plans. Also roll initiative for the Shadows, however in the first round the characters are surprised and the Shadows may act first. The secret door leading to the second chamber silently descends into the floor before the Shadows act, allowing them to move and charge into characters who have stumbled into the dark room. The next round the darkness is nullified once more, and you can layout the positions of the characters and Shadows as normal. The Shadows will not move out of the first chamber, but can be pushed or pulled out. At the very end of the second round the darkness falls again. Remove the Shadows, remembering where they were for movement purposes and treat the characters as Blind. This repeats until the Shadows are destroyed, the characters are killed or have fled.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb2 In the second chamber on a black stone plinth is a beautiful golden statue of a fair maiden, similar those depicted on the walls. It radiates magic and even without including its enchantment is worth at least 500 gp. However the plinth is XX trapped, (spot lvl 1 medium DC) and difficulty to disarm (lvl 4 medium). If set off, an area 2 burst around the plinth is affected by a wave of lesser death, a +7 vs. Fortitude attack doing 2d8+4 damage necrotic damage and the target is weakened (save ends). If the first save is failed the target is weakened until the end of their next extended rest.
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb2 Statue Of Freya (item)
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f0\fs26 \cb2 Freya is a forgotten exarch of a dead god of truth and beauty. When clasping the statue, which weights the same as light shield, the bearer gains immunity to blindness and darkvision but can only use one handed weapons and implements.}