{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Alternative quests and mini-adventures
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 If you don\'92t wish to use the megadungeon as a completely open sandbox, or want to introduce the dungeon in a different way you can use one or more following quest ideas. These quests provide extra experience points on completion in addition to any other benefits promised the player characters. These are awarded per character involved in the quest. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 The Alchemists Fruit - 150xp
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Hanwell Birge, a budding alchemist has found an obscure reference to the Orange Tree on the first level of the dungeon. He contacts the party wishing to hire them to protect him while he attempts to retrieve a magical Orange from the tree. The Hanwell has a partial map, showing the directions to the tree. He offers 100 g.p. + 500 g.p. paid on safe return. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Hanwell Birge 3rd level Alchemist (Magic User). S 9 I 14 W11 D 9 C 10 Ch 12. AC 10/10 Mu 3 Hps 8 At 1d4 (dagger) Mv 90/30 Sv Mu 3 Mr 7 Al LN. Spells Detect Magic, Mending, Fool\'92s Gold. Alchemists specialise in non-combative magic. He carries a potion of healing and a potion of invisibilty. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Hanwell is likely to try and take too many oranges from the tree, activating the guardian elementals. You may also have him kidnaped by either goblin or, alternatively if don\'92t wish him to survive, the pig-faced orcs. \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 * The quest to find the statue of Freya hidden in the far reaches of the first level.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 * Put an end to the raids of goblins, one way or another.\
\
* The Astronomers of Amethyst Circle - longer adventure.\
This pits the adventurers against a group of wicked astronomers who are gaining influence in a local kingdom where the adventurers are based. These astronomers have penetrated the 2
\fs18 \super nd
\fs26 \nosupersub  level of the dungeon and gained access to the enough obelisk keys into enter both the first and second levels of the chamber, and are in contact with Zhulbluhb'Tck'Nere. They use the visions to blackmail and forsee events that give them political power.  }