{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Running a Star Trap Dungeon campaign
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Star Trap Dungeon is aimed at groups wishing to play in the more whimsical and deadly style of the earlier days of old school roleplaying games. New adventurers are less young heroes and more ordinary folk in search of tremendous wealth by risking death at every turn. The monsters that inhabit the depths can be beyond the strengths of the party when they first encounter them. The traps here are often deadly and the spectre of cursed magical items also appears to afflict the unwary. While the background to the dungeon and the reasoning behind it's inhabitants residencies tend to have some cohesion, there are places that exist that seem to make little sense. If you and your players need a reason, blame it on the waves of reality bending madness that sometimes roll out from the Obelisk. \'a0\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Dungeon Masters are encouraged to have their players create truly random characters. This can be achieved by rolling using the standard method of rolling 4d6 and keeping the best 3 dice rolls for attributes, but rolling them in order of the ability scores as they appear on the character sheet. From this players can construct characters that are unusual to their common preferences and with bonuses that don't always fit archetypes, e.g. dwarves with high charisma, sickly paladins, etc,. Parties will take odd shapes too, for example groups that consist of mostly thieves will benefit from hit and run tactics, while a party of fighters can spend a great deal of time adventuring before having to rest. Natural selection may end up balancing things out as weak or unwanted characters are less likely to survive, through suicidal risk taking or their impractical and ill-suited nature. Allow characters to be swapped if the players want to, let them hire henchman or recruit companions.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f2\fs28 \cf0 Star Trap is a classic mega dungeon. It\'92s level and sub levels are filled with twisting corridors, strange chambers, pits, traps and creatures. It\'92s so vast and complex it\'92s more like a metropolis, and indeed it is home to many communities and races who treat the place as a city.
\f0\fs26  Loose alliances are formed between distant groups and powerful leaders will often suffer weaker allies that they know about living in their vicinity rather than taking these areas for themselves and having to spread their own number thin. Better the devils you know than the demons you don't is a common saying amongst the dungeon legions. With this co-existence comes trade and travel, so the party can expect to meet various clans out wandering from their own bases. Of course there are unremitting predators that hunt the miles of corridors too and to them the characters are a food source just like any other.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The huge main hallways, usually 20ft both wide and tall, floored in ancient and seemingly self repairing checkered tiles, serve as main roads through the dungeon and are used extensively to travel up and down the levels. Beasts know to avoid them as inhabitants who might otherwise be enemies will quickly join together to kill or repel serious threats to their highways. The party should be wary traveling along these routes too, as creatures from the depths maybe about their business in regions higher up than normal in these areas. A party of first level adventurers make tasty and easy work for a band of trolls returning from an outdoor hunt. \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 It's not an exact science judging when to make checks for these wandering monsters, however as a rule of thumb you might consider rolling a d6 once every 30 minutes of actual play. A 1 indicates a random encounter or wandering monster is nearby. Given that encounters can take a hour, you can roll twice after an encounter to see if the fighting has drawn the attention of other dungeon dwellers. However it's advised that you don't check after a wandering monster encounter as it can lead to a chain of encounters without any exploration occurring. As always use intuition over dice rolls, if the party are in a chamber that was extremely difficult to get into, or that has laid undiscovered for centuries there is no reason for wandering monster to find it straight away.}