{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Entrances to the Dungeon.
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 There are four surface routes into the first level of the dungeon. The front doors are the first and are commonly watched by creatures within. If the goblins that occupy the halls around the entrance are removed other, more powerful denizens will move it such as the Pig Faced Orcs of the first level, Ogres from the Black Iron mercenary outfit, Duergar slavers or even trolls from the depths might decide to move up. This is area 1 on the map of the first level. \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The second entrance is the huge shaft that runs down into the lowest levels of the dungeon and is open to the surface. All manner of winged creatures use this to move between the dungeon and the outside, most notably a black dragon who would happily eat a party of adventurers abseiling down between levels. This is area 30 on the map of the first level. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The most secretive way in currently is through the collapsed ceiling that leads to the Fungal people\'92s domain in area 38. However the Shriekers there will alert the Mushroom King and his people. It also requires some climbing and is very difficult to find from the surface as the collapse is hidden in a wooded dell.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The fourth way in is found 3 miles from the main gate, and is a narrowing winding tunnel that leads to the ancient temple complex currently occupied by the Pig Faced Orcs. It\'92s guarded by the orcs and unless they are wholly wiped out will always lead to confrontation if used. \
\
}