{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Known Levels
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 (1-3) First Level - Goblinhome, Realm of The Fungus King, The Necromancers Device, The Pig-Faced Orcs, The Orange Tree, The Tomb Of Judder. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Sub level - The Toolizith Coven outpost
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 (4-6) Second level - The Black Iron Mercenary Band, Lair Of The Serpent Queen, The Poison Wells, The Meeting Post, Null Zone.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 (7-9) Third Level - The Troll Maze, The Necromancers Domain, The Otherworldly Machine, The Deep Market
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The Lair Of The Black Wyrm
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 The Oubliette Of The Inverted Pyramid
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 The Tomb of Toolizith 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Hashthazadroon, The City of The Derro \'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 The Cesspit - what lies at the bottom of the pit?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 The Crystal Caves ecology. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 The Dark Bell - rung last a thousand years ago. What will it\'92s tolling call this time?
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 The King Of Slight
\b0  - The demi-god of petty revenge is wandering the halls of Star Trap. \

\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li120\fi-120\ri120\sl260\sa120

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Tear Garden
\b0  - Fruit trees watered by tears of Angels, Devils & Gods.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Black Iron Ogres
\b0  \'96 mercenary band, with Hobgoblin auxiliaries. Ruled by a feared warlord who has a pact of sorts with Hell. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs26 Duergar Slavers
\b0  \'96 provide weapons and slaves to many within the dungeon.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs26 Derro
\b0  \'96 Camped around the obelisk, hated and at war with everyone but with Aberrant allies. They live in square tower blocks in huge chambers.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs26 The Nystix Commune
\b0  \'96 Arcanists looting ancient Toolizith artifacts, studying the Obelisk and exploring the dungeon.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs26 \
Map Rooms\'a0 
\b0 - Rooms that contain strange maps and can be activated to teleport the party to them \'96 basically a way to include third party adventures. One room on each level.\

\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs26 Acid Room Trap
\b0  \'96 The floor of the room is well below the corridor leading to it. Stone handles for climbing down are chiseled into the wall and are obvious, as is the square pool of dark liquid. A doorway on the other side of the room is more ornate than usual.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 The trap is twofold, any pressure on the floor will cause it to sink, forcing the acid to out quickly. Any characters on the floor will start taking more and more acid damage each round. Secondly acid is also pumped out from the top of the stone handles, making it harder to climb out and damaging, while adding to the rising acid. It\'92s possible to wedge the floor so that it doesn\'92t sink, but the acid from the handles will still come out. The sinking floor trap is medium difficulty to spot and medium to disarm, while the handles traps is hard to spot and hard to disarm.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 The ornate door is locked (medium) and trapped (medium, medium) causing a blast of electricity that pushes 1 square back, possibly into the acid.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs26 Squaurl The Cyclops
\b0 , an elite Cyclops wanders the level with its pet Winter Wolf.}