{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Monster Manual
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs30 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Angry Owlbear\
{\listtext	2.	}Banshaer Hermit\
{\listtext	3.	}Barghest, Juvenile\
{\listtext	4.	}Beetle, Fire\
{\listtext	5.	}Beetle, Boring\
{\listtext	6.	}Brain In A Jar\
{\listtext	7.	}Centipede, Giant \'a0\
{\listtext	8.	}Crawling Claw/Severed Hand\
{\listtext	9.	}Demonic Two-Headed Warthog\
{\listtext	10.	}Dimension Shambler\
{\listtext	11.	}Farspawn Returned\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf0 {\listtext	12.	}
\b0 Farspawn Mind Worm\
{\listtext	13.	}Farspawn Teeth Eel \
{\listtext	14.	}Fungal Guard\
{\listtext	15.	}Fungal Herder\
{\listtext	16.	}Fungal Priest Of Decay\
{\listtext	17.	}Fungus King\
{\listtext	18.	}Gelatinous Cube\
{\listtext	19.	}Ghoul\
{\listtext	20.	}Goblin Archer\
{\listtext	21.	}Goblin Acolyte\
{\listtext	22.	}Goblin Bully\
{\listtext	23.	}Goblin Hexamancer\
{\listtext	24.	}Goblin Runts\
{\listtext	25.	}Goblin Skull Cleavers\
{\listtext	26.	}Goblin Stabbers\
{\listtext	27.	}Goblin Warrior\
{\listtext	28.	}Green Slime\
{\listtext	29.	}Grey Ooze\
{\listtext	30.	}Horrible Black Tentacles\
{\listtext	31.	}Iron Hound\
{\listtext	32.	}Killer Bees\
{\listtext	33.	}Maggot Wraith\
{\listtext	34.	}Pig-faced Orc Killer \
{\listtext	35.	}Pig-faced Orc Bannerman\
{\listtext	36.	}Pig-faced Orc Sticker\
{\listtext	37.	}Pig-faced Orc Shieldboy\
{\listtext	38.	}Pig-faced Orc Demon Warriors\
{\listtext	39.	}Pig-faced Orc Murderers\
{\listtext	40.	}Pig-faced Orc Heart Eaters \
{\listtext	41.	}Pig-faced Orc Champion\
{\listtext	42.	}Pig-faced Orc Warlord\
{\listtext	43.	}Pig-faced Orc Teeth Caster \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	44.	}Rat, Giant
\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	45.	}Rat, Swarm
\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	46.	}Rat, Corpse Swarm
\b0 \
{\listtext	47.	}Rot spider\
{\listtext	48.	}Shrieker\
{\listtext	49.	}Skeleton\
{\listtext	50.	}Skeleton Archer\
{\listtext	51.	}Skeleton Legionnaire\
{\listtext	52.	}Skeleton, Ramshackle \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	53.	}Skeleton, Skullspider
\b0 \
{\listtext	54.	}Snake, Pit Viper\
{\listtext	55.	}Vile Creeper, Barbed\
{\listtext	56.	}Vile Creeper, Suckered\
{\listtext	57.	}Wolf\
{\listtext	58.	}
\b Wraith
\b0 \
{\listtext	59.	}Zombie\
{\listtext	60.	}Zombie Rotter\
{\listtext	61.	}Zombie, Famine\
\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 \
Monster types.\
\
Animal \
Animals refer to mundane creatures, usually mammal or reptile. They have low intelligence and cannot speak. \
\
Magical Animal\
Animals that have been magically transformed are not uncommon in Star Trap. In most regards they are like animals. \
\
Lesser Demon\
Demons come from a chaotic and violent dimension sometimes know as the Abyss. They are universally evil and chaotic. They also relish the chance to enter into the material realm and cause havoc. Some work to this end directly, while others tempt wizards into summoning them and perverting them to do acts of harm. \
\
Lesser Demons are immune to disease and resistant to poison, fire and cold. They gain +3 to poison saves and take half damage from fire and cold. While they have their own language, they can generally speak any language they wish. They also have darkvision. \
\
Insect\
Insects have very low, instinctive intelligence. They usually enjoy lowlight vision. \
\
Undead\
Spirits that have either failed to enter the realm of the dead or have been summoned back are very often malign and hateful of the living. Depending on the strength of will undead go from being of low intelligence to supra-geniuses. They are immune to mind effecting spells such as charm and suggestion. Undead also take 1d8 points of damage per level of the creator from being splashed by holy or blessed water.  \
\
Aberration\
Aberrations are beings from the horror dimensions that exist at the furtherest edges of reality. They some how interface with the dreams of those who come from the material realm, are related to star beings and astronomy. They come is sizes from tiny to unimaginably vast. Because of their alien nature they are immune to mind affecting spells.  \
\
Fungoid\
Fungoids are neither plants or animals. They often thrive in dump, warm and poorly lit conditions like those found in dungeons. Spells that affect plants or animals only do not work on fungoid creatures. \
\
Ooze\
Oozes are strange creatures, displaying magical, animal, plant and fungoid attributes. They are almost always non-intelligent and ever hungry for organic material to consume. They are immune to mind affecting spells universally and often have other immunities too. \
\
Minion\
Minions make up many of the armies from below. While the fight just as well as others in their band, they are weak, fall injured, flee or feign death after the first solid hit they receive and only have 1 hit point for game purposes. However they don\'92t take any damage from things like spells that cause half on a successful save, as long as they make that save of course.   
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Angry Owlbear (AC 5/15 HD 5, hp 25, At +4 1d8/1d8/1d6 or screech, Mv 60/20,SV F5 Mr 8, Al N) Magical Animal
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Screech attack: All within 10ft radius of Owlbear makes save versus paralysis or be held for a 1d3 rounds) Monster
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 The angry Owlbear is ancient and shuffles with a painful limp, but it\'92s screech is so piercing it stuns it\'92s foes for long enough to eat them.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Banshaer Hermit (AC 5/15, HD 3+3, hp 17, At +3 1d8, Mv 90/30 fly 90/30, Sv C5, Mr 8, Al N) Humanoid, Insect
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 May cast the following spells as a 5th level druid : Insect swarm, Barkskin & Heat Metal. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Odd and solitary, these tall humanoid grasshoppers follow strange rituals and collect unusual things.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Barghest, Juvenile (AC 4/16, HD 3, hp 14, At +2 1d8+2 or 1d6+1, Mv 90/30 or 180/60, Mr 10, Al CE) Lesser Demon
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 May switch each turn between Goblin king and wolf form. In Goblin king form they may cast Protection from Good 10\'92r at will. In wolf form they may cast Invisibility once a day. +1 Battle axe. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Barghests are demonic shapeshifters from the nether planes. They feed and grow on the souls of the good. This is just a younger one. \'a0\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Beetle, Fire (AC 4/16, HD 1+2, Hp 7, At +1 2d4, Mv 60/20, Sv F1, Mr 7 Al N) Insect
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 When in danger fire beetle pump chemicals into their head and body that cause them to appear to burning up inside, and make their bite extremely hot. These gland may be removed from a dead beetle and used as an unquenchable torch for 1d6 days. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 If you\'92ve never seen a fire beetle fire up, you\'92ll rightly run away the first time.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Beetle, Boring (AC 3/17, HD 5, Hp 22, At +4 5d4, Mv 60/20, Sv F5, Mr 7 Al N) Insect
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Boring beetles are huge, 9 feet long and dark blue with rainbow sheen. It\'92s mouthpart is a riot of hooks and mandibles, but apart from that they are nothing special. \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Brain In A Jar (AC 0/20, HD 3, Hp 12, At none, Mv 90/30 levitation, Sv M5, Mr 8 Al CE) Undead
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 The Brain is a 5th level wizard, and can cast the following spells: Charm Person x2, Unseen Servant, Amnesia, Ray Of Enfeeblement, Suggestion. The Jar acts as a Broach Of Shield with 101 charges. Communicates via Telepathy and believes incorrectly it can read minds. He can use the Unseen Servant to throw objects that have +0 to hit and do 1d4 damage if they strike the target, up to a range of 20 ft feet away.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Insane, paranoid, ego-manical and delusional the brain in a jar is more fun to play with than a box full of kittens. \'a0\

\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Centipede, Giant (AC 8/12, HD 1d4, Hp 1, At +0 1d4 + poison, Mv 60/20, Sv H0, Mr 7, Al N) Insect
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 A giant centipede\'92s poison cause the it\'92s victim to be sick for 1d6 days, and they half all their to dice rolls and movement rates while affected. The poison is mild, so +1 to save and takes 1d4 rounds to take affect.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 One day these feet are going to walk all over you.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Crawling Claw/Severed Hand (AC 6/14, HD 1d4, Hp 1, At -1 1d4,Mv 60/20, \'a0Sv F1, Mr 12, Al NE) Undead\
Up to 5 Claws can occupy a single spot adjacent to an opponent before leaping onto them.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Bothersome on their own, a plague of claws can overwhelm the mightiest of heroes.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Demonic Two-Headed Warthog (AC 7/13, HD 3+3, At +3 2d4/2d4/2d4,Mv 90/30, Sv F3, Mr 9, Al CE) Lesser Demon, Animal
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Attacks with two heads and a stomping attack. It may direct the gore attacks at two separate foes. Regenerates 1d6 hit points a round unless the damage is caused by spells, magical attacks or holy water is used that round. Maybe turned as a wraith. Immune to fire and poison. It is helpful to record normal and magical damage to the warthog separately. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Only a demon lord would gift such an ill-tempered and treacherous beast to it\'92s followers. \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Dimension Shambler (AC 7/13, HD 2, Hp 9, At +1 1d4/1d4, Mv 90/30, Sv F1, Mr 9, Al CN) Aberration
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 May cast Dimension Door at will.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Dimension shamblers appear as gorilla-like bundles of ropes and tentacles. They seem not to recognise a difference between intelligent beings, flora and beasts, consuming whatever they come across. There common modus operandi is to appear in groups both in front and behind of their victims. Stargazers postulate that they do not digest food but transport to whatever horror dimension they come from for something else to eat. \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Farspawn Returned (AC 4/16, HD 4, Hp 18, At +3 1d4/1d4/1d6, Mv 90/30, Sv F2 Mr 12, Al CE) Aberration
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Attacks with two claws and a bite. The returned has the abilities of a 4th level thief and also may cast confusion once a day as a 10ht level magic user. It may use it\'92s backstab ability on all it\'92s attacks when able to do so.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 It\'92s inevitable that people find an entrance to the Far Realm, but when they make it back it\'92s a rare event indeed and they are utterly, and chillingly changed. Madness, many eyes, and horrible purple rubbery skin marks them apart from who they might have once been.\
\
Farspawn Mind Worm (AC 5/15, HD 1, Hp 4, At +0 1pt*, Mv 90/30 Levitation, Sv F1 Mr 12, Al CE) Aberration\
Lamprey-like bite attack, if successful the victim must save versus mind effecting spells or lose 1d4 points of Wisdom for 2d4 turns, roll only once for duration. If reduced to below 3, the victim goes insane, attacking friend or foe at random. After the first round this wisdom drain is automatic, but does no further hit point loss.\
Imagine a floating 4 foot sea-worm, covered in eyes, each oddly sad seeming.   \
\
Farspawn Teeth Eel (AC 4/16, HD 2, Hp 12, At +1 1d6, Mv 90/30 Levitation, Sv F1 Mr 12, Al CE) Aberration\
Gnawing bite attack. \
Teeth Eels slip and slide through dimensions eating anything they come across with their horrible, multiple sets of horse-like teeth. \

\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Fungal Guard (AC 8/12, HD 2+2, hp 10, At +2 1d6, Mv 60/20, Sv F1, Mr 7, Al N) Fungoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Fungal guards hit you with clubs until you go away.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Fungal Herder (AC 8/12, HD 1+1, hp 3, At +1 1d4, Mv 60/20, Sv H0, Mr 6, Al N) Fungoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 The mushroom herders are experts in growing all sorts of fungi. \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Fungal Priest Of Decay (AC 8/12, HD 3+3, hp 15, At +3 1d6, Mv 60/20, Sv C1, Mr 7, Al N) Fungoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 May cast bless once a day. The priest of decay may lose 1d4 hit points and add 1d4 hit points to all fungoid allies with 20\'92 at will. \'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Priests of decay rot themselves for the good of their colony.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Fungus King (AC 7/13, HD 4+4, hp 22, At +4 1d6/1d6, Mv 60/20, Sv F4, Mr 9, Al N) Fungoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 May cast charm person, sleep and protection from evil 10\'92 radius and speak with plants (fungi) once a day. All Fungus folk with 20\'92 radius of the Fungus King gain +1 to saves. Communicates using telepathy. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 The fungus king is the most inquisitive fungus folk of their colony, and it just keeps growing because of it. It\'92s spores have various mind-altering effects. \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Gelatinous Cube (AC 8/12, HD 4, hp 16, At +3 2d4, Mv 60/20, Sv F1, Mr 8, Al N) Ooze
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Surprise on a 2+. Save vs paralyzation or be paralyzed for 2d4 rounds, during which the cube engulfs the opponent and automatically does it\'92s acid damage. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Floating skulls aren\'92t always what they seem.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Ghoul (AC 6/4, HD 2, hp 9, At +1 1-3/1-3/1-3, Mv 90/30, Sv F2, Mr 9, Al CE) Undead
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Any successful attack causes paralysis on a failed save for 2d4 turns. Any form form of curative magic removes the paralysis. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Taunt grey skin, a screaming face and claws like iron, the ghoul is 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Goblin Archer (AC 7/13, HD 1-1, hp 3, At \uc0\u8722 1 1d6 or 1d4, Mv 90/30, Sv 0h, Mr 7, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300

\f2\fs30 \cf0 +1 to hit with their short bows due to dexterity adjustment, dagger. \'a0Short bow, 1d12 arrows, daggers.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Goblins with good eyes and steady aim are given short bows and told to stand at the back shooting wizards. They enjoy this work immensely. \'a0\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Goblin Acolyte (AC 7/13, HD 1, hp 4, At +0 1d6 or spell, Mv 90/30, Sv C1, Mr 8, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300

\f2\fs30 \cf0 May cast randomly 1-2 Command, 3-4 Curse, 5-6 Remove Fear once per day. May use devices as a cleric. \'a0Sacred club, ritual dagger.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Acolytes of the goblin god are used by shamen to enact sacrifices, or to be sacrifices depending on the mood of their master. \'a0\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Goblin Bully (AC 6/14, HD 2, hp 10, At +1 1d8, Mv 90/30, Sv F1, Mr 8, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Battleaxe, shield. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Goblin bullies are the under bosses of the Goblin king, and bullying is their speciality
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Goblin Hexamancer (AC 7/13, HD 1-1, hp 3, At \uc0\u8722 1 1d4 or spell, Mv 90/30, Sv M1, Mr 8, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 May cast from the following lists once a day, 1-2 Darkness and Ventriloquism or 3-4 Sleep and Hold Portal. May use devices as a magic user. Dagger. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Hexamancers are often deranged
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Goblin King (AC 3/17, HD 3, hp 15, At +2 1d8, Mv 90/30, Sv F3, Mr 9, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Battleaxe, chainmail, shield. Maybe order 1d4 goblins a round to fight with more vigor, these goblins gain +1 to hit for that round. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Big, fat and not at all regal. Goblin kings are top of the heap, and lord it over everyone else.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Goblin Runts (AC 7/13, HD 1-1, hp 1, At \uc0\u8722 1 1d4, Mv 90/30, Sv h0, Mr 6, Al CE) Humanoid, minion
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Knife or improvised weapon.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Runts are the lowest goblin dregs capable of holding a weapon. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Goblin Skull Cleavers (AC 6/14, HD 1+1, hp 6, At +1 1d8, Mv 90/30, Sv F1, Mr 7, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Battleaxe, shield.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Skull cleavers have master the art of leaping and chopping, and throw themselves into combat with glee. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Goblin Stabbers (AC 6/14, HD 1-1, hp 3, At \uc0\u8722 1 1d4, Mv 90/30, Sv T1, Mr 7, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Stabbers have the abilities of a 1st level thief. Daggers and throwing knives. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Goblin stabbers are the skulkiest, sneakiest goblins in a tribe, and thus highly revered. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Goblin Warrior (AC 6/14, HD 1-1, hp 4, At \uc0\u8722 1 1d6, Mv 90/30, Sv 0h, Mr 7, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Spear, hand axe, club or short sword, Shield. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Goblin warriors make up the bulk of goblin forces, having survived enough clan brawls to be considered useful by their king. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Green Slime (AC na, HD 2, hp 6, At +1 special, Mv 3/1, Sv F1, Mr 12, Al N) Ooze
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Green slime dissolves anything non-magical it touches in 1d4 rounds, including armour and bodies. \'a0They are immune to mind affecting spells, disease, non-magical weapons, cold and lighting. Fire does double damage and cure disease spells kills them instantly.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Grey Ooze (AC 8/12, HD 3, hp 11, At +2 2d8, Mv 10/3, Sv F2, Mr 12, Al N) Ooze
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 The first hit from a Grey Ooze doesn\'92t do damage but destroys the armour of the victim, if they are wearing any. They are immune to mind affecting spells, disease, fire and cold. \uc0\u8232 Grey is the colour of stone and grey is the colour of your doom.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Horrible Black Tentacles (AC 5/15, HD 1, Hps 1, At +0 1d6 + slow, Mv special, Sv F1, Mr 12, Al N) Aberration
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Successful hits by the black tentacles cause the target to be slowed as per the spell if they fail a save versus spells. Tentacles cannot travel on their own and are anchored in place by the magic that summoned. However they are 20 feet long end to end so can reach far from their anchor point.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 The wizard who wishes to summon these things must make pinpricks in reality to left them worm their way in. What remains on the other side remains a mystery and those that have successfully cast the spell pray it will remain so. \'a0\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Iron Hound (AC 3/17, HD 1, hp 4, At +0 1d6, Mv 150/50, Sv F1, Mr 12, Al N) Construct
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 This golem-like construction is immune to mind affecting spells, poison and disease. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 The perfect guard dog really. \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Killer Bees (AC 7/13, HD 1d4, Hps 2, At \uc0\u8722 1 1d3 + poison, Mv 90/30, Sv H0, Mr 9, Al N) Insect 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Poison, save versus poison or die in 1d6 rounds. Stinging an opponent kills the bee.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Killer Bees get mighty angry. \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Maggot Wraith (AC 7/13, HD 1, Hps 4, At +0 1d3, Mv 60/20, Sv C1, Mr 12, Al NE) Undead
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Takes no damage from non-magical weapons. Creatures killed by the enervating effects of the Maggot\'92s burying turn into wraiths in 1d4 rounds. They can be turned as ghouls.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Foot long half-real maggots? Ugh! 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Pig-faced Orc Killer (AC 6/14, HD 1, Hps 5, At +0 1d6 or 1d4, Mv 90/30, SV F1, Mr 8, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Leather armour, shield, hand weapon (Short sword, spear, hand axe, mace), throwing dagger.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Your basic orc killer, a murderous baby eating thug.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Pig-faced Orc Bannerman (AC 6/14, HD 1, Hps 4, At +0 1d10, Mv 90/30, SV F1, Mr 8, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Leather armour, shield, halberd. May attack from behind a row of other orcs.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Possibly the most intelligent of the Pig-faced orcs. These brutes are loyal and yet fight from behind others. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Pig-faced Orc Sticker (AC 7/13, HD 1, Hps 5, At +0 1d6 or 1d6+1, Mv 90/30, Sv F1, Mr 8, Al CE) Humanoid \'a0\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Leather armour, Heavy crossbow, hand axe.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Stickers train themselves to reload their blackwood crossbows so quickly they can fire them as often as a man can fire a hunting bow. They use them to hunt men.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Pig-faced Orc Shieldboy (AC 6/14, HD 1, Hps 1, At +0 1d6, Mv 90/30, Sv F1, Mr 7, Al CE) Humanoid, Minion
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Leather armour, large shield, hand weapon (short sword, hand axe, spear, mace). A Shieldboy may throw or be been thrown in front of an attack on a more powerful orc. If a shieldboy is adjunct to ally, any melee or missile attacks targeted at the ally will be diverted on it, and treated as a normal attack on them instead. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Shieldboys are young stupid orcs given big shields and told that glory awaits them in the orc afterlife if they die in battle. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Pig-faced Orc Demon Warriors (AC 5/15, HD 1+1, Hps 8, At +1 1d10, Mv 90/30, Sv F1, Mr 9, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Chainmail, two handed weapon (Halberd, Waraxe, Two handed sword, Maul). May make a sweeping attack at all combatants adjunct to them at -1 to hit. This attack goes last in initiative. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Orcs believe that demons possess huge weapons and they are blessed by bearing them. Demons demand blood, and they don\'92t care of what type.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Pig-faced Orc Murderers (AC 5/15, HD 1+1, Hps 8, At +1 1d6/1d6, Mv 90/30, Sv F1, Mr 9, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Chainmail, two hand weapons (Short swords, axes, maces). They make two attacks a round against the same foe. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Murderers revel in killing opponents quickly and celebrate a quick kill by dancing in entrails. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Pig-faced Orc Heart Eaters (AC 5/15, HD 2, Hps 10, At +1 1d6, Mv 90/30, Sv C2, Mr 9, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Chainmail, staff. May cast Cause Fear (3 rounds), Protection from good, Cure light wounds and Snake Charm once per day, but my recharge by eating the hearts of good aligned opponents. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Shaman of their two headed demon-god, heart eaters gain their powers by eating hearts unsurprisingly. \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Pig-faced Orc Champion (AC 2/18, HD 3, Hps 12, At +3 1d10+1, Mv 60/20, Sv F2, Mr 9, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Plate and chainmail armour, two handed sword with +1 bonus from Strength. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Champions are selected through gladiatorial sport with extra points for the strength and stupidity. Then they are welded into their armour, loving every minute of the whole process.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Pig-faced Orc Warlord (AC 4/16, HD 4, Hps 15, At +3 1d8+2, Mv 60/20, Sv F3, Mr 9, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Chainmail, shield, battle axe or tribal magical weapon. Re-roll failed morale checks when Warlord is accompany one or more orcs. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Pig-faced Orc Teeth Caster (AC 9/11, HD 2, Hps 8, At +1 1d4, Mv 90/30, Sv M2, Mr 8, Al CE) Humanoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Fang rod of office. May cast Shocking Grasp, Unseen Servant & Ray Of Enfeeblement once per day. Orcish spell book contains those spells and Detect Magic, Detect Good and ESP which can be swapped out as required after resting as per a 3rd level wizard.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Orcish wizards apprenticeship is chaotic and self taught, up to a point. However the moment a rare individual makes progress all manner of demons offer patronship. \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Rot spider (AC 5/15, HD 3, Hp 12, At +2 2d4 + rot, Mv 90/30, Sv F2, Mr 12, Al NE) Undead
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Rot spiders necromantic venom causes those bitten to make a save against poison each round until they are dead or make the save. Failure means taking an additional 1d4 damage from rot.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Rot spiders chitin is pitted with festering stinking sores, which they pass on through their venom. Animated as a terror weapon by ancient Necromancers, these giant spiders are thankfully little understood, and apprentice wizards will pay gold for the details of one. \'a0\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Shrieker (AC 7/13, HD 3, Hp 16, At none, Mv 9/3, Sv F1, Mr 12, Al N) Fungoid
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 If a Shrieker detects light within 60 feet or movement within 30 feet it will emitting a loud piercing sound for 1d3 rounds, that will attract Fungal folk. The sound might even stun creatures sensitive to loud noise. Save vs Spells or be held for 1d4 rounds. \'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Huge purple mushrooms that are poison to eat, causing terrible hallucinations which make creatures go berserk.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Skeleton (AC 7/13, HD 1, Hp 4, At +0 1d6, Mv 90/30, Sv F1, Mr 12, Al NE) Undead
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Double damage from smashing weapons, half damage from slashing and piercing. Hand weapon.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 The spirits that bind bones back into life are simple and vicious. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Skeleton Archer (AC 7/13, HD 1, Hp 4, At +0 1d6, Mv 90/30, Sv F1, Mr 12, Al NE) Undead
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Double damage from smashing weapons, half damage from slashing and piercing. Hand weapon, short bow.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Sometimes skeletal archers use the bones of fallen comrades as arrows.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Skeleton Legionnaire (AC 3/17, HD 1, Hp 4, At +0 1d6, Mv 90/30, Sv F1, Mr 12, Al NE) Undead
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Double damage from smashing weapons, half damage from slashing and piercing. Hand weapon, shield and rusted chainmail.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Those who wish to make an army of the undead find use for mouldering arms and armour.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Skeleton, Ramshackle (AC 7/13, HD 1, Hp 1, At +0 1d6, Mv 90/30, Sv F1, Mr 12, Al NE) Undead, Minion
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Hand weapon.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Even bones get old and falter. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Snake, Pit Viper (AC 6/14, HD 2, hp 8, At +1 1d4 + poison, Mv 120/40, Sv F1, Mr 7, Al N) Animal
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Bite injects poison, save or die within 1d6 turns. Has +4 initiative.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Sometimes called lightning snakes, these reptiles are blindingly fast and treat offense as the best form of defence. \
  \
Vile Creeper, Barbed (AC 6/14, HD 1+1, hp 6, At +1 1d6/1d4, Mv 120/40, Sv F1, Mr 8, Al N) Aberration
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Barbed attack, bite attacked. Bite attack only after a successful barb attack, but at +2 to hit. \
Half leech, half tentacle Vile Creepers are universally hated and hunted by other dungeon denizens despite being inedable. The barbed variety are over a metre long, and other types get much much bigger. \
\
Vile Creeper, Suckered (AC 6/14, HD 1+1, hp 6, At +1 1d4 + poison, Mv 120/40, Sv F1, Mr 8, Al N) Aberration
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Sucker attack does no damage but injects paralysis poison, save or be paralysed for 1d4 turns, bite attacked. \
Suckered Vile Creepers look even more like leeches than their cousins and have both a toothy maw at one end and a unpleasant series of suckers at the other.\
\uc0\u8232 Wolf (AC 7/13, HD 2+2, hp 11, At +2 1d6, Mv 180/60, Sv F1, Mr 8, Al N) Animal
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Wolves don\'92t eat people. Or at least nobody has ever returned to report a wolf attack. \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Zombie (AC 8/12, HD 2, hp 10, At +1 1d6, Mv 60/20, Sv F1, Mr 12, AL CE) Undead
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Attacks last, critical hit instantly kills it, two successive hits on an opponent means the Zombie does not need to roll to hit and does 1d6 biting damage a round.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Shambling nightmares whose hungry spirits want to eat life itself.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Zombie Rotter (AC 8/12, HD 2, hp 1, At +1 1d6, Mv 60/20, Sv F1, Mr 12, AL CE) Undead, Minion
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Attacks last, critical hit instantly kills it.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Zombies are so decayed that they can barely stand, and are only dangerous in large numbers which that is often how they are encountered. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Zombie, Famine (AC 8/12, HD 2, hp 8, At +1 1d6, Mv 60/20, Sv F1, Mr 12, AL CE) Undead
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Attacks last, critical hit instantly kills it. All perishable foodstuffs with 10ft of a Famine Zombie will rot and be destroyed. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs30 Dying in hunger leaves a taint on the world so strong it can bring famine to whole nations. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0  
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 \

\f0\fs26 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
}