{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Contact Zhulbluhb'Tck'Nere\
2
\fs18 \super nd
\fs26 \nosupersub  level Magic User or Illusionist spell\
Duration 1 round\
Range 0\
\
When this spell is cast it forms a bond briefly with the star being Zhulbluhb'Tck'Nere, who is trapped in the obelisk that runs through the Star Trap dungeon. The caster receives a sending projected by The One Who Gathers Whispers. The DM rolls a d8 on the rolling table and reveals what Zhulbluhb'Tck'Nere sends.\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Trivial thought - the name of by a long dead nobleman\'92s favourite concubine, how many sheep a farmer lost one winter,  \
{\listtext	2.	}Strange Lore - the secret to making a rare potion, the powers of a rare creature, a dead language, the shape of worlds in another plane of existence, the name of a demon\
{\listtext	3.	}Ancient History - a fragment of Star Traps history, the bloodline of one of the PC\'92s that goes back a thousand years to a great hero, the machinations of devilish princess \
{\listtext	4.	}Something close by - secret doors, approaching monsters, the place of a lost treasure\
{\listtext	5.	}Terrible vision - scenes of torture, the killing of innocents, the chambers of a demon prince\
{\listtext	6.	}Maddening secret - the birth of chaos gods, the something the god of secrets wishes to keep unknown\
{\listtext	7.	}Utterly alien - unknowable colours, every bending spiral paths that could unravel the universe, a glimpse of the far realm\
{\listtext	8.	}Ignored\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 \
If a 5,6 or 7 is rolled then the caster must make a save versus mind affecting spells or be at \uc0\u8722 1 to all rolls until they rest, due to the horror and unease of what they saw. Each time this spell is cast it creates a greater and greater connection to the being, which will mean more and more beneficial visions as the caster starts to feel the compulsion of wanting to free the star being.  \
\
Summon Horrible Black Tentacles \
3
\fs18 \super rd
\fs26 \nosupersub  level Magic Users spell\
Duration until used.\
\
This spell is cast upon an object and creates a magical trap upon. Unless a pass word is spoke while touching the object horrible black tentacles appear out of the object, one for each level of the caster. The object must be large enough to support the tentacles, which are 6 inches across. The spell lasts until it is activated and the wizard can only have one such spell in operation at a time. See horrible black tentacles in the Star Trap monster manual.  }