{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Room.\
\
2. 
\f1\fs26 cheaply jewelled dagger worth 50 gp\
5. 95 g.p., a leather pouch contain 2 small bars of silver worth 10 g.p.\
6. +1 wand of magic missiles with 5 charges\
7. Spell book, poison recipy, purse containing 103 g.p.\
10. A chain is worth 50 g.p., +1 amulet of protection\
12. +1 battleaxe, +1 Dagger. 2 potions of healing. 1100 g.p. 235 s.p. a bag of 13 small rubies worth 13 g.p. each and a elven jade erotic necklace worth 150 g.p. \
15. 5 +1 arrows\
17. +1 leather armour\
18. A +1 mace that\'92s head is golden and represents the sun, a potion of polymorph self, a +1 shield with a gryphon motif, 10 +1 crossbow bolts, a dusty clerics scroll with the spells Cure Disease and Remove Curse on them cast at 9
\fs18 \super th
\fs26 \nosupersub  level. 850 gold pieces, 650 silver pieces and a pair of ornate leather bracers in with silver and diamond dust worth 300 g.p. each.   
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs26 19. 300 g.p. Ruby\
21. 400 g.p. Emerald\
22. 500 g.p. Sapphire \
23. 3000 g.p. Diamond\
28. Nimbra\'92s cursed +1 staff.\
32. 10 Toolizith Coven cloaks, Obelisk key\
37. +1 chainmail, 230 g.p. and 3 rubies worth 100 g.p. Each\
43. 780 g.p. and 920 s.p. Several pieces jewellery are scattered in amongst the contains, including two gold rings work 100 g.p. each, a hairpin made of mithril and moonstones worth 500 g.p. and a Brooch Of Shielding with 18 hps worth of absorption left. \'a0A silver and brass scroll case, worth 150 g.p. also in the bins contains a cursed scroll. \
45. numerous potions (2 healing, one each of resistance to fire, lightning and cold, 2 potions of neutralise poison, 2 fire breathing potions). 280 g.p.\
64. 80 gold pieces and 400 copper. There are some simple pieces of jewellery worth 75 g.p., 50 g.p. and two worth 25 g.p., potion of healing.\
67. 60 g.p.\
72. ring of spell storing, which has rolled under the chair. The ring has the following spells stored in it Protection From Evil, Levitate and Monster Summoning 1. All cast at 12
\fs18 \super th
\fs26 \nosupersub  level. \
\
80. 445 g.p. 1213 s.p. 6 pieces of topaz worth 35 g.p. Each, a potion of invisibility and a rope of climbing.  \
81. Chest one : a scroll of Animate Dead cast at 10
\fs18 \super th
\fs26 \nosupersub  level, a +1 wand of darkness (works as a reversed wand of light with 13 charges). Non-magical but very well made black boots and a black cloak.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 Chest two : a potion of healing, a potion of gaseous form, a bag of devouring. Black leather trousers and cotton underwear.\
Chest three : Feather token (whip), a bag of 7 small emeralds worth 50 g.p each, 30 g.p. A bedroll, flint and tinder. Obelisk Key\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 83. +1 short sword, a scroll of Sleep, Magic Missile and Comprehend Languages all cast at 7
\fs18 \super th
\fs26 \nosupersub  level, a well made battle axe, a suit of dwarven sized chainmail, several daggers and a lizardskin bag containing 400 s.p. and 580 g.p. as well as another two Obelisk keys}