{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 In Robin D. Laws GUMSHOE roleplaying game system the need to roll a dice to successfully received information, often vital to the adventure, is dispensed with. This is an elegant and useful way of allowing the dungeon master to reveal facts, rumours and background colour to the players. However this information isn\'92t available to all players via their characters, the characters need to have relevant skills. In GUMSHOE information is divided into core clues and those that are not vital to progression. Core clues do not require spending any points from a characters skill pool, and as long as they have that skill or ability, they are given the information. Other information requires the character to spend points from their pool to receive this information. This skills can be refreshed by various means, both in and out of character.  \
\
Examples of these investigative abilities are astrology, religion and military history. \
\
Since Star Trap Dungeon isn\'92t an investigative game in it\'92s most simple form, there are no core clues, and therefore all information could be considered at minimum a 1 point skill spend. However a dungeon master deem a piece of information trivial or so interesting to their vision of the dungeon that they give it to the player for free. There are also a number of suggested quests that the DM might choose use and allow information for those quests are core clues. \
\
Skills used within Star Trap\
\
Astrology\
Religion\
Military History\
Local History\
Ancient History\
Knowledge Of Magical Beasts (Dragons, Manticore, Trolls)\
Natureologist \
Necromancy\
Knowledge of Art and Treasure\
\
\
\
   }