{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Fighters gain few benefits beyond their increased hit points and to-hit bonuses as they go up levels. Indeed their ability to do more damage doesn\'92t increase in the same way that all the other classes do. If dungeon masters feel they want to add the following abilities to fighters. Perhaps allowing the player to choose one new ability every 3 levels starting at 3
\fs18 \super rd
\fs28 \nosupersub  level.\
\
Relentless strikes\
\
When the fighter successfully strikes a foe it spurs them on to hammer home more and more deadly blows. Each time they successfully hit the same foe as they did in the previous turn they do an extra die of damage. The second successive blow does +d4, the third does +d6, the forth +d8, the fifth +d10 and the sixth does +d12. After that the fighter is exhausted and stops doing the relentless damage. If the fighter is high enough level to have multiple attacks, they can use these extra attacks with Relentless Strikes \
\
Cleave\
\
When fighters wield two handed weapons they can make huge sweeping attacks against gangs of inferior enemies. A fighter who is facing in hand to hand combat creature of half, rounded down their level or hit dice, may strike each one in combat. They only roll once to hit and for damage, and apply these results against all foes who are in striking range. Thus if they were fighting both lightly armoured goblins and heavily armoured orcs with shields they might only hit the goblins. \
\
Precision Blows\
\
Highly skilled fighters can trade multiple attacks for greatly improved chances of hitting by focusing on a single strike. For each extra attack they forego they add +4 to their attack rolls. This ability can be used with missile weapons as well as in hand to hand combat.  \
\
}