{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Wandering monsters\
\
Why have wandering monsters at all? Wandering monsters have fallen out of favour in some games, but for me they exist for the dungeon masters enjoyment, adding an element of randomness to their experience in running the dungeon. Quite rightly there are many articles and books about making the game more enjoyable for the players, but it\'92s rarer to look at what a game should do to entertain the dungeon master. As the dungeon master, as ever, you should decide if it\'92s an element you want.  \
\
It's not an exact science judging when to make checks for these wandering monsters, however as a rule of thumb you might consider rolling a d6 once every 30 minutes of actual non-combat play. A 1 indicates a random encounter or wandering monster is nearby. Given that encounters can take a hour, you can change this to a 1 or 2 after an encounter or noisy event to see if the fighting has drawn the attention of other dungeon dwellers. However it's advised that you don't check after a wandering monster encounter as it can lead to a chain of encounters without any exploration occurring. As always use intuition over dice rolls, if the party are in a chamber that was extremely difficult to get into, or that has laid undiscovered for centuries there is no reason for wandering monster to find it straight away.
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 \
Wandering Monsters inside corridors\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl260
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs26 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}An Ochre Jelly, oozing along.\
{\listtext	2.	}1d3 Green Slimes, hiding on the ceiling. \
{\listtext	3.	}Gelatinous cube, hiding by a corner\
{\listtext	4.	}1d6 Ramshackle Skeletons, led by a Skeleton Trooper, all marching in step.\
{\listtext	5.	}2 Ramshackle Skeletons, 2 Skeletons and 2 Skeleton Archers, out scouting.\'a0\
{\listtext	6.	}3d4 Zombie Rotters, ambling about.\
{\listtext	7.	}1d6 Zombies, bent on murder.\
{\listtext	8.	}3d4 Crawling Claws, waiting to pounce.\
{\listtext	9.	}1d3 Ghouls hunting for scraps.\
{\listtext	10.	}2d4 Giant Rats looking for food.\
{\listtext	11.	}A Rat Swarm fleeing something nasty.\'a0\'a0\
{\listtext	13.	}2d4 Goblin runts and a Goblin Skullcleaver, searching for treasure against orders.\
{\listtext	14.	}1d4 Goblin stabbers and 1 Goblin Hexer, sticking to the shadows.\
{\listtext	15.	}1D6 Goblin Warriors, 2 Goblin Sharpshooters and a Goblin skull cleaver out on patrol.\
{\listtext	16.	}1D4 Fire Beetles, scavenging for a meal.\
{\listtext	17.	}a Boring Beetle, wandering abroad.\'a0\
{\listtext	18.	}1d4 Giant Centipedes, hungry for lunch. \'a0\
{\listtext	19.	}1 Pit Viper, hunting rats.\'a0\
{\listtext	20.	}2 Dimension shamblers, springing their trap.\'a0\
{\listtext	21.	}1d6 Killer Bees, looking for nectar.\
{\listtext	22.	}The Angry Owlbear, drawn out by by hunger.\
{\listtext	23.	}1d6 Pig-faced orc killers, lead by a murderer out searching for meat.\
{\listtext	24.	}1d4 Pig-faced orc killers, 1d2 Pig-faced orc stickers, a Pig-faced orc demon warrior and a Pig-faced orc heart chewer raiding.\
{\listtext	25.	}1d8 Pig-faced orc killers, 1d6 Pig-faced orc shieldboys, 1d4 Pig-faced orc stickers and a pair of murderers looking for war. \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 To add
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 A party of adventurers
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Main hallway wandering monsters
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Black Iron Ogres travelling to or from battle
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Trolls out carousing
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Duergar traders / slavers
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 etc,.}