{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Approaching the dungeon
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 The main entrance to the dungeon lies at the end of ravine, and is framed by cliffs that reach 30 to 40 feet before beginning to level out into a plateau above the dungeon. In ages past dwellers carved windows into the ravine walls so that they could spy on anyone approaching. Now these chambers are occupied by a goblin tribe who are happy to shoot at fresh-faced adventurers as they approach.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 After several days of travel through rough woodlands and hills you are finally nearing the site of the fabled Star Trap Dungeon. A huge cliff runs in front of you, split by a ravine which is meant to led to the great doors of the dungeon. The cliffs are at least 30 feet high and seem to run off in both directions for many miles. As you approach the ravine it is impossible to ignore the tracks that precede you. Many creatures have walked this path, some with feet far bigger than your own and for a moment you falter as you consider what could have made such tracks. However the lure of riches beyond belief and secrets a thousand years old keeps you moving.
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Rangers and druids will identify men, goblin, wolf, bear, troll and giant or ogre footprints, but also a least three other tracks of unknown type that have regularly trod the path.\'a0\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 Some 150 feet before you the ravine comes to an end, where the doors to the dungeon stand. Huge slabs of black rock, 10 feet wide and 20 feet tall, are carved to form arched double doors. Massive rings of brass form handles and the whole thing is framed in skulls each half as tall as a man.
\i0 \'a0\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Unless the players approach stealthy and cling to one side of the ravine, goblins from either side will rain crossbow bolts down upon them. The goblins have a passive perception of 18 that all characters must beat to get to the doors unseen. Otherwise it will take about three turns for the players to run from where the goblin arrows can reach theme to the door. Each turn players are targeted by two +1 vs AC 1d6 damage attacks from goblin bows. Upon reaching the door they need to roll a 4+ on a d6+Str check to open the heavy doors, this check can be aided at +1 per character helping and can be re-rolled each turn but only once per turn, during which the characters are subject to further bow attack. If you wish to run this using a battlemap, the characters start 30 squares from the doors. Characters who make for the sides of the ravine are only targeted by a single +1 vs AC 1d6 damage from the other side of the ravine. The windows that the goblins shoot from are covered by vines and are built in such a way as to disguise them. A character wishing to target the windows must make 4+ on d6 + Dex to spot the windows, and then hit AC 1/19 to hit a goblin. Area effect powers that target the window will stop shooting from that side for a turn while the goblins duck down.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 As you approach the doors a shrill whistles pierces the quiet and black crossbow bolts start shooting down at you from either side of the ravine. The doors are close but there still lies 150 feet between you and them.\'a0
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 When the players reach the doors,
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 The doors are even more impressive when you reach them, cut from a single piece of black marble flecked with white crystals, they almost appear like they are made from the night sky. The brass handles are made for bigger hands than yours and while the doors seem perfectly functional it will take strength to open them, all the while the carved skulls of giants and demons leer at you from the door frame. As you grasp the handles, script magically appears on the doors, written in a language unfamiliar yet understandable, "I shall tame the very stars".
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Once the party are inside and safe from the crossbows,
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 A huge corridor stretches into the darkness far in front of you. Twenty feet wide, the hall vaults reach up at least twenty feet to the ceiling also and are high enough to allow passage for giants. As you examine your surrounding the first thing you notice are the large ivory and bloodstone tiles that line the floor and although streaked in mud these tiles are undamaged in anyway. Along the walls are faded drawings, showing a grand procession walking towards the entrance. Although in an unfathomable style it is clear than all manner of races march along, some recognizable and some utterly alien. These drawings have been scratched at and painted over in places. In other places new work covers up the older drawings in layer upon layer and the sense of age of the place is intense. You wonder what monstrous things have stood where you stand now. Close by are two sets of oak and iron bound double doors, set opposite each other in the corridor. These doors and the darkness of the tiled hall seem you're only options for exploration.}