{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Region four - The Pit : wind, depth 
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 30. The Pit - SWAP WITH 23
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 A definite breeze defines these ancient corridors, and all of a sudden you can see why. A huge square pit sinks into the ground ahead of you, surrounded by an unfenced walk way ten feet across. It must be forty feet square and there is no bottom in sight. Above you it reaches up high enough to pierce the ground and sunlight can be seen along with a ragged forest canopy. The walls of the pit are smooth worked stone and you can just make out what might be an entrance to further corridors below. As you stare into the depths, you can just hear echoing booms and possibly animal cries. The pit sucks air into it, so there is no noticeable smell, but somehow it still feels fetid. A corridor on the other side of the pit leads away from the hole in the world. 
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0  \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 The secret door requires a DC 15 perception check to spot. It is possible to climb down (DC 20 athletics base) to the next level some 40 feet below, although dangerous as falling is likely fatal and the bottom of the pit hundreds of feet below is a waste dump crawling with giant Otyughs and worse. There is a 1% chance that some flying creatures will traverse up or down.}