{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Forgotten Chambers Of Ancient Seers (31-34)
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 31. Star Constellation Trap : constellations, trap
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 The corridor behind the hidden door is dusty and the air feels old and stale. The hallway ends in three great sets of double doors, one straight ahead and the other two facing north and south. Crafted from ancient oak and steel, these doors are covered in a patchwork of dials of various sizes. Upon the outer rim of each dial is set one or more moonstones. Given the layers of dust it seems that nobody has opened these doors in an age.
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Each door can only be opened if the moonstones align to form the correct star constellation. Characters who are involved in astrology will probably make the connection easily. If the wrong constellation is displayed it will cause a trap to go off. Thieves may disarm trap and allow the door to open. Any attempt to open a door that hasn't been unlocked causes the 10 feet square area in front of the doors to be filled with lightning. Anyone in this area is subject to psychic attack doing 6d6 damage, wisdom DC 15 check for half. It's also possible for the players to buy a map of the stars (40 g.p.) that will make disarming the trap and unlocking the door easily. Such a map maybe hard to find or expensive. Note the ceiling of room 15 is painted to represent the constellation of the Unicorn and opens the door to 32. The door to room 33 requires the constellation of the Sleeping Beast, while the the door to 34 needs the constellation of the Axe. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 32. The Cloak Room : Obelisk key, cloaks
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 This chamber is clean, although the air is also stale. The magical door kept the dust at bay and everything in here seems almost held in stasis. A wooden rack on the south wall is covered in pegs and from ten of these hang midnight blue cloaks, all perfectly clean and unblemished. A long desk runs across the west wall and apart from a strange looking key it is empty. The key is large, angular and looks like it is made from smokey glass.
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The cloaks, woven from thick silk, all radiate a little magic (level 1) and were the attire of members of the Toolizith Coven when abroad from their bases within the dungeon. They give a +1 bonus to magical checks and are considered a neck slot item like other cloaks. The key is also magical and unbreakable, it's one of the Obelisk keys that can open the doors to the Obelisk of Insanity on various levels.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 33. 
\b Storeroom\'a0: mural, note
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 The long abandoned chamber has a large number of shelves that line the walls and suggest that this may have been a store room or even library once. The ceiling has a faded mural on it that depicts a large block of stone that radiates waves which seem to touch be groups of figures who stand as listening. Long perished rations perhaps make up the the dust detritus on most of the shelves, although it looks like a few pieces of paper also linger.
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The torn note, written in an archaic form of common reads "Kvinkel, if you read this note my love we have fled down our hidden stair. The attacks of the Outers grow and Hermistus believes we will be safer in our stronghold, but we have heard nothing from below in days. Save yourself, forget our work and get out into the daylight. I will not forget you, Lavindal."
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 34. 
\b The Stairwell : trapdoor, beds, ghost
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 What appears to long forgotten beds and tables moulder in this large chamber. Set before the north wall is a heavy and ironshod double trapdoor, no doubt leading into deeper regions of the dungeon. A sturdy bar seals the way. 
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The beds and tables are crumbling and of no value. The appear to have been about six beds, that would have been for roughly human sized occupants. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 If the bar is moved, the characters can lift open the double doors revealing a spiral stairway leads down into the darkness. The skeleton of a human or half elf lies someway down and a ghost haunts the stairs who reveals some information about the Toolizth Coven before attempting to push characters down the stairs. The stairs leads to subsection of the 2nd level. Trap.}