{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Region Five - Fungus Caves (35-46)
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 The Fungus caves are actually collapsed sections of the dungeon where an overhead river burrowed down and made the area unstable, causing cave-ins. The system of cave-like chambers are ruled by The Mushroom King, a canny Fungal leader, who defends his spores with a strange and alien intelligence. He has a deal with the goblins, who provide rotting logs in return for magic mushrooms and Shrieker spores. He has his people lay out rotting meat along a path to draw the spawn of the Slimelord out into the wider dungeon and away from the fungal caves. He also pacifies various giant insects using one of his many spore clouds. These insects effectively ignore the Fungi now and act as unwitting guards. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Running the Fungi people
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The Mushroom King seeks to protect his flock and works both untiringly and cleverly to cancel or destroy creatures who might threaten the myconids. The Mushroom King will most likely want to parley with the adventurers before combat. He is psychic, using telepathy to talk in any language. The King is allied with the goblin Reaping Madkin, who he has manipulated into providing him with a great deal of information about the 1st level of the dungeon. He too is concerned about the Pig-Faced orcs and will aid the adventurers against them, possibly by supplying them with poisons and potions, but mostly with advice and information. He will certainly act as a go-between if the party want to talk to the goblins. He is tricky though and will see the party as danger to the long term balance of the level and if they deal with the orcs happily send them through the one way teleport into the Tomb Of Judder, without telling them that so far it\'92s been a one way trip. The King himself is highly intelligent but also quite alien. He\'92ll constantly describe to whoever he is communicating their features and mannerism for example, and if he stands still for more than a minute the ground around him will start to erupt in small mushrooms of various types. \'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs26 Helpful
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 If the characters can convince the King that they mean no harm to his flock he may aid the party against particular foes. He worries a great deal about the Orcs and is also concerned about whatever haunts the crawling warrens. He has an alliance with the Beetle Herder and may travel with the party to parlay with her to gain access to the Tomb Of The Judder. The King distrusts mammal life forms, and so the party will need to make offerings and placations towards him at first. Madkin the goblin shaman might be useful here, if the party has been deemed the tribes saviours. The King also knows that the secret to opening the door to the obelisk on this level involves find the keys, of which he has one. \'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs26 Harmful
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 If the party attack the fungus folk without provocation the King will declare war on them. He may send myconids out to lure them into fighting the Owlbear or the undead. He also knows the secret to a spore spray that attracts slimes and molds, which maybe his revenge if they party confront him directly.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs26 Disdainful
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 This is the Kings default position, he\'92ll attempt to drive away the party without direct combat, if he considers them powerful, he may well attempt to bribe them or offer useful information that leads them away from his domain.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 35. Slimey entrance way : mushrooms, collapse
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 As you move down the corridor you notice a slight breeze that brings with it damp air and an earthy smell, tinged with a putrid taint. Little by little you notice the cold stone ways of hall become encrusted with lichen, mold and even fungus. You seem to be approaching an open doorway ahead and it seems mud and earth spill from it.\'a0
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 In the chamber beyond, the walls and ceiling have partially collapsed, becoming much more uneven and rough, further into the ruined dungeon the fungus and mold becomes much more prevalent and the previous rectangular nature of the dungeon gives way to an almost cave like feel. Ahead natural light sparsely filters in from high up above. 
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 36. Rotting meat : rotting meat, stench
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 The reek of rotting meat assaults your senses, and you spot carcasses littering the floor, lined up along the eastern wall. The animals seem to be various forest creatures, although there are some bones that indicate more intelligent creatures have lain here as well. 
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Pieces of rotting meat are used by the Mushroom king to lure the spawn of Jubliex from area 37 towards the main dungeon and away from his flock.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 37. Spawning ground Of The Slimelord : decay, sphincter altar, oozes, treasure
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 Filth and slime have completely overtaken the tumbled walls of the dungeon in this area, the smell of mould is overpowering and even the air feels rotten. Slime covered pools of stagnant water and litter the floor particularly around a large and disturbing block of what appears to be soap stone in the centre of the room. It has been carved into the shape of some kind of sphincter like that of a huge slug or sea beast and drips with slime. A dull keening surrounds you, seemingly without source. Glints of metal catches the light from your torches further into the cave. The glistening very walls seem to be moving.
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Jubliex the Slimelord once had a hidden shrine in this chamber and was worshipped by a long vanished gang of mutant Kobolds. Now only the horrible sphincter shaped soapstone altar remains, which occasionally spews forth an ooze, slime, jelly or mould. Currently two Green Slime, a Grey Ooze, a Gelatinous Cube all reside in here and would be extremely dangerous should the players stumble in, as the are all hard to spot - DC15 perception check. Their acids have failed to dissolve a suit of +1 chainmail, 230 g.p. and 3 rubies worth 100 g.p. each. Finally an Obelisk key can be found amongst the filth.\'a0Players, especially druids, might seek to destroy the altar and will need strong magic to do so. If they are successful they will be cursed by Jubilex, but receive favour from other nature aligned gods and patrons. The Fungal Folk will surprisingly not be entirely grateful either as their region is avoided because of it\'92s association with oozes. \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 38. Shriekers! : shriekers, light, a way up. 
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 More light comes in from the broken ceiling here, illuminating a large cave-like chamber that\'92s filled with debris and soil from above. Numerous small plants try and get a foot hold in rays of sunlight but the majority of the room is over run by mushrooms both huge and small, arrayed in a variety of colours. 
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Unless the characters entering this area are silent or invisibly read the following also. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 As you step closer, howling gaseous shrieks start up from large purple mushrooms that line the walls, no doubt alerting anything nearby to your presence. 
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 There are 4 shrieker mushrooms here that rely on vibrations and changes in light to detect intruders. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 If the characters manage to enter the mushroom kingdom without detection they\'92ll take the Fungus people by surprise at first and the DM should adjust their reaction accordingly. Characters can climb up and out of the dungeon if they have rope and grappling hook. If they do, they find themselves in a dense wood at the top of the plateau the dungeon buries into. Finding a way down to the trail back to the city of Corsent adds an extra day to the journey but provides a more secretive rout into the dungeon, if the Fungal people are dealt with, one way \'a0or another. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 4 Shriekers 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 39. Sinkhole : collapsing floor
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 As this narrowing cave ends the murky slurry of water seems to disappear into the floor. Moving closer you can see an area of collapse ahead of you and that the stream actually falls into a pit or chamber below. 
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Getting with 10 feet of the hole is dangerous as the floor may collapse, dwarves may well spot this early. For each character that approaches roll a d6 and on a 1 the floor gives way and the an area 20 feet in diameter falls down 20 feet into the chamber on the second level below. The collapsing stonework adds an addition dice to the damage taken for a total of 3d6 damage. \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 40. The Beehive : buzzing, bloated corpses, bees
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 A dull buzzing drones from what appears a huge growth of some sort that clings to the walls in this nook. The brown shell is punctuated with hexagon shaped holes the size of a human head and a vague sweet smell lingers in the air. A bloated and decomposing goblin corpse lies some 15 feet from the structure.
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Killer Bees, about the size of bats have a hive about 10 feet in height here. They use holes in the collapsed ceiling to pass to and from the forest above. Occasionally bees will go find the Orange tree and collect nectar from its flowers. At any one time 5 bees will be around to protect the hive. The corpses of several goblins lie scattered here all showing signs of stings, providing a clue to the danger posed. The honey the bees collect is magical because of the orange blossom and if eaten provides the effects of a potion of healing.\'a0A potion bottle can store 2 doses and there is enough honey for 4 such portions. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 41. The Fungal Field : a forest of mushrooms
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 The space opens up further revealing a vast dimly sun-lit chamber. Streamers of vegetation hang from the ceiling above you, and in places gaping holes in the roof reveal the open air. About you is strewn dank rotting wood and soil, all of which is covered in a variety of multicoloured mushrooms and fungi that collectively form a forest. Some are huge, well over the height of a man, and it appears that a few of these are swaying as if a wind blows through here.
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 This large room is counted as difficult terrain and therefore movement for the PC\'92s is halved because of the vegetation and rot. A great number of Myconids live here, many of which are non-combatants and often just behave for extended periods of time as unintelligent mushrooms. However anyone seeking to harm the flora will be resisted by 6 Fungal Herders and 2 Fungal Guards. If the shriekers have alerted the Myconids, the King and his guard will arrive here with 1d4 minutes and seek to understand what the party want. \'a0
\i \'a0\'a0
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 42. Mouldery : Fungal kindergarten, guards
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 Cramped and humid, mushrooms fill this chamber floor to ceiling, while five animate fungi seem to guard a circle of particularly small mushroom creatures. The guards seem perturbed by your appearance and are reacting aggressively.
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Mushrooms yet to become animate cover the rot in this room. These Fungal buds are guarded at all times by 4 Fungal guards, 2 Fungus herder and a Rot Priest.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 43. Chamber of The Mushroom King : throne, poison
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 A huge mouldy wooden throne dominates this chamber. It\'92s appears to have been carved from from base of a massive tree and completely covered in mushrooms, toadstools and other fungi. Stone bins line the back of room, and a long table is covered in strange alchemical looking equipment. \'a0
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 In the unlikely event that the Mushroom King is still in the chamber.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 Sat on the throne is a tall and venerable looking mushroom man. Great lengths of fungus hang from him like imperious robes and a golden crown sits on his head. Deep set eyes gaze at you all ponderously as his guard rush to form a protective circle around him.
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Both the throne and the stone bins are trapped. The fungi on the throne are poisonous to non mushroom based races, DC 15 poison save or take 1d4 points of damage per round until dead or passed.\
\
Mushroom King, 4 Fungal guards
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 44. Scuttling Things : beetles
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 Slimy black mould covers the walls and floor of this tumbled down chamber, and clambering over the broken stone and earth are a multitude of scuttling things. Beetles and centipedes crawling throughout the cave, some much better than others. Suddenly two of the larger beetles appear to burst into flame and cast a glowing radiance over the chamber. 
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The insects here are easily aroused to violence, anyone using fire or similar methods to clear a path through the insects will be attacked. The Boring beetle will start at the southern exit of the cave, while the centipedes will appear surrounding the party one turn after another. The whole floor will become difficult terrain until damaging area effect spells are used on those squares. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 Boring Beetle
\f1\fs24 , 
\f0\fs26 2 Fire Beetles, 2 Giant Centipedes, swarm of insects 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 45. Cave Of The Beetle Herder : Banshaer, beetles, potions
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 Yet more debris litters this chamber, although what appears to be a circular tent dominates your view. All around scuttle more insects and the floor seems almost to be moving. The tent is made from wooden branches and covered in mouldy cloth. \'a0\'a0
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 A moody Banshaer hermit tends her flock of giant beetles and brews strange concoctions in her tent to sell in the deep market. The beetles are unlikely to attack unless provoked as the hermit keeps them well fed, however she will react using her druidic magic if the players act aggressively, with the beetles rushing to defend her. She makes and keeps numerous potions (2 healing, one each of resistance to fire, lightning and cold, 2 potions of neutralise poison, 2 fire breathing potions). The Banshaer keeps hidden beneath loose rocks 280 g.p.\
\
Banshaer, 4 fire beetles
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 \uc0\u8232 
\b Running the Beetle Herder
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs26 Helpful
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 The Beetle Herder knows that the throne teleports those who sit on it away and has never seen anyone come back. She might offer this information to the characters. She might also offer the party potions, in return for promises about not attacking insects. If the party bring her evidence of the work of the Grue and the dead larvae she will wish to go and deal with the Grue, and seeks the parties help to do so.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 \uc0\u8232 She will also offer to sell her potions at 3d6 x 15 g.p. each and will take orders, although brewing them takes 2d4 days per potion.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Harmful
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 She\'92ll take umbrage at a party that wantonly attack her flock and will do everything she can to destroy them. She\'92ll also offer rewards to the goblins and bargain with the Fungal King to have them capture or kill the party. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Disdainful
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 The Banshaer will not offer up any advice or claim to know much about the level at all, but will offer potions for sale, at 3d6 x 20 g.p. She won\'92t offer to make further potions for them, believing the party will be killed before they can come to collect them. \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 46. Ancient Throne Room (remove corridor 46) : teleporter
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 A large bare chamber that is comparatively dry and debris free, this chamber displays only small signs of the collapse of the other areas locally. In the centre of the room is a raised stone platform, quite plain except for linked chain motifs chiselled into the rock. On top of the platform is a large and important looking stone chair. 
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The chair radiates magic, and if sat on properly it teleports the individual to an identical chair in Tomb Of Judder, a hidden section on this level. This is a one way teleport. The teleport works only when the target chair is empty, but functions any number of times.}