{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Region six - Domain Of The First To Eat Clan (47-65)
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b \cf0 47. Device Of Blades : moving barricade, goblins
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i \cf0 Ahead of you is 10 foot wide corridor that appears to end in a wooden wall with various blades and spikes protruding from it towards out. You immediately realise that the wall is mobile and starting to rush towards you!
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 The goblins have converted an old cart they captured, boarded up the back end and drove all manner of rusty swords and daggers through the wood. They use this when anyone opens the doors to the main corridor that they don\'92t like. The wooden wall has enough gaps in it for the goblins to easily spot intruders and the carts harnesses have be re-purposed to allow goblins to push it. \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 The cart can only travel as far as the door and is relatively easy to avoid, unless of course the players are being chased into the corridor. However to get passed the adventurers need to hack and move around the wood for a round, making them vulnerable to attacks from the goblins behind.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 If the characters face down the cart, they are each attacked at +1 to hit, doing 1d10 damage. It\'92s very difficult to get passed, and takes two combat rounds before a character can engage in hand to hand combat, during which they\'92ll be peppered by arrows. \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280
\cf0 4 Goblin warriors , 2 Goblin archers \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b \cf0 48. Eastern Shooting Gallery : archers
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i \cf0 This odd shaped and tidy area is decorated by recently painted naive but attractive landscape drawings on the wall. Light floods in through arrow slights in the western wall illuminating rows of hay beds, pots and what appears to be paints. Four goblins clutch crossbows, bolts aimed at you, stand in the far corner of the room.
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 One of the goblins here is responsible for the paintings and the group are rather proud of him and his work. If the characters immediately compliment them on the work they may react in a friendly manner. Otherwise they\'92ll loose their arrows at the lead character in unison and cry out for support from 49 who will arrive in 2 rounds.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280
\cf0 4 Goblin archers \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\b \cf0 49. More Archers : archers
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i \cf0 Mould and damp have permeated the walls of this rooms and an immediate unpleasant musky smell hits your nostrils. Light from overgrown arrow slits provides some illumination. More goblins cower in towards the back of the room, bows half-heartedly drawn.
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 The goblins here are have been using a corner of their room for their toilet. \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280
\cf0 3 Goblin archers\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280

\b \cf0 50. Goblin Reinforcements
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i \cf0 The chamber appears to be a guard room, with tables, bunks and sword racks. Several goblins are here reaching for their weapons, and it seems you have disturbed an unpleasant game of chance involving dice, hammers and live mice. 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 The goblins here are led by a seasoned under boss and will attack the party to the best of their abilities. Hidden in one of the bunks is a gaudy, but gold and pearl earring worth 150 gp. The small door in the north east corner is badly hidden behind and any search of the room will reveal it on DC 12 perception check. The unlocked door and corridor are roughly cut, narrow and low hanging. A dwarf or anyone with similar experience will identify it as a fairly recent addition. \'a0\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280
\cf0 Goblin bully, 3 Goblin warriors, 2 Goblin archers \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b \cf0 51. Guards
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i \cf0 Entry into this chamber reveals a barren, whitewashed room that\'92s seen better days. Unpleasant stains splash the walls and great stretches are pealing off to review lurid ritual art. Six well armed goblins occupy the room and seem to be mustering for a fight.
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280
\cf0 2 Goblin skull cleavers, 4 Goblin warriors \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b \cf0 52. Unused sleeping area
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i \cf0 You enter into a vacant chamber. It seems to be used as sleeping quarters as many straw pallets occupy the floor. The walls in here are mouldering yellow ochre and faint artwork seems to depict worship of an elder grain goddess. A wooden plaque nailed to the door in the south has goblin-scrawl symbols on it.
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 Nothing of value will be found by searching, save for a variety of attractively coloured insects. Anyone who can read goblin knows the sign says \'91Hall Of Noshing\'92. Depending on what\'92s going on in the hall beyond, the characters maybe able to hear goblins through the door.\
 \

\b 53. Hall of Noshing
\b0 \
This large room serves the goblins as their main hall, where the eat, fight and snooze as a community. Either pick an event or roll for what's going on right now.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 1 Empty\
2-3 Snoozing\
4 Merriment\
5 Fighting\
6 King\'92s court\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 Empty :
\i  
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i \cf0 The doors open into a large, smokey chamber. Rough tables and benches are scattered about a smouldering firepit in the centre of the room, and the remains of food and drink are scattered on the floor. The chamber is eerily quiet considering it\'92s size.
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 Snoozing : This is only the case if the party enter quietly, otherwise the goblins will be waking up. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i \cf0 The doors open into a large, smokey chamber. Rough tables and benches are scattered about a smouldering firepit in the centre of the room, and the remains of food and drink are scattered on the floor. A number of goblins are also strewn around the room, some sleeping while sitting at the tables, but most have curled up on floor. The sound of snoring and mumbling spike the smokey gloom. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i0 \cf0 There are 1d6 warriors, 1d6 archers, 1d4 stabbers and 3d4 runts sleeping off an banquet here. They\'92ll wake groggily, \uc0\u8722 1 to all rolls in the first 3 rounds of combat if the party attacks. \'a0\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
Merriment : 
\i Behind the doors you can hear the sounds of many goblins raising their voices in merriment. Bawdy goblin songs, shouting and laughter ring out. \
\
The room beyond is large and smokey, with a fire pit in the centre and numerous low benches and chairs set out chaotically. Steaming cauldrons and dubious flagons of ale throw out strong aromas. Dozens of goblins sit or stand around, some on the tops of benches, singing goblin songs badly. At the far end of the room a goblin sits brooding atop of wooden throne, flanked by heavily armed warriors.  
\i0 \
\
There are 1d6 warriors, 1d6 archers, 1d4 stabbers and 4d4 runts joining in the party, while the goblin king, Grodsnuk and 4 goblin skull cleavers sit at the back.  \
\
Fighting : The sound of crashing and shouting can be heard from behind the door, while occasionally the door thuds slightly as something hits it.\
\
Before you is a scene of utter chaos. A huge goblin brawl is unfolding in the large eating hall before you. Fists and crockery are flying all over the place, while small goblins bite the legs and fingers of their bigger fellows who smash and punch them and each other. Towards the back of the room a large goblin sits wagering with his axe wielding guards on the results of various fights that are going on.  \
\
There are 1d6 warriors, 1d6 archers, 1d4 stabbers and 4d4 runts involved in the mass brawl, while the goblin king, Grodsnuk and 4 goblin skull cleavers sit at the back enjoying the fight.  \
\
King\'92s Court : 
\i From behind the close doors you can make out the unusually deep voice of single goblin, speaking with some confidence. The doors muffle the sound so you can\'92t make out exactly what is being spoken about. \
\
When you open the doors you see a large group of goblins sitting and standing in a huge hall. They all appear to be listening, almost intently, to a large goblin sat on a wooden throne, flanked by axe wielding guards. In front of him stand a vastly fat goblin wearing robes that would suggest he visits a silk merchant often, and a read skinned goblin who seems to have horns. A wild-eyed goblin shaman, dances from foot to foot while the king speaks.\

\i0 \
There are 2d6 warriors, 1d6 archers, 1d4 stabbers and 4d6 runts listen to the latest proclamations, while the goblin king, Grodsnuk and 6 goblin skull cleavers sit at the back with Reaping Madkin, Chamberlin Gutso and Snezak The Horned nearby. If this turns to a fit, it could easily wipe out a low level party of adventurers so use with caution. Most notably Reaping Madkin is here, and will announce the party are the ones from his visions regarding the pig-faced orcs.   \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b \cf0 54. Goblin living quarters
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\i \cf0 Scattered cots, straw beds, hammocks, blankets, rubbish and small bones litter this room. A number of goblins of various ages and size scatter when you enter and cringe in the corners of the room while a few braver types cluck weapons and eye you expectantly. 
\i0 \
\
This living chamber contains 2d6 runts and 1d4 goblin warriors. It has nothing of value otherwise.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b \cf0 55. Snezak The Horned\'92s room\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i\b0 \cf0 This chamber is occupied by five goblins, clustered around a table on top of which sits a what might be a map with crudely carved wooden figures on it. Rudely made dice also litter on corner of the table. Four of the goblins quickly clutch their battleaxes and the fifth, a taller, straighter goblin whose slightly red skin and small goat horns make him look quite devilish holds a rapier in one hand while the other arm is bound in well oiled chain mail. At the back of the room are some crude beds. The walls are painted in abstract, repeating patterns which look like they\'92ve been fairly recently added to with spiked skull motifs. 
\i0\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b0 \cf0 \
Somewhere in Snezaks bloodline is something a little devilish, and he has inherited his horns and fire magic from his devilish lineage. He acts as the kings warlord, and is always accompanied by goblin skull cleavers. He has little interest in rule, and is generally given whatever he wants by the king. If the King aligns with the party Snezak will vocally against the plan, and if the party shows any weakness or failure will seek to overthrown the king, kill the PCs and place another king in charge. Snezak definitely wants to be the power behind the throne. \
\
The map shows the two goblin areas, without the secret doors or areas beyond. The wooden pieces look vaguely humanoid, with some coloured red and some green. Hidden beneath Snezak\'92s bed is sack containing 113 g.p. and 5 pieces of platinum. Snezak\'92s rapier is magical and counts as +1 longsword. \
\
Goblin Infernal Strategist, 4 goblin skull cleavers\
\

\b 56. Cooking chamber : Cauldron, chef, magical dagger\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i\b0 \cf0 The smell of boiled cabbage overpowers all other smells in this cooking chamber. Physically the room is dominated by a huge cauldron that is so large the residence have constructed a stepped platform to reach into it. Currently two goblins stand on this, stirring with a giant copper spoon. Other goblins are rushing around with various foodstuff, all orchestrated by a tall, thin goblin whose apron and oddly tall hat mark him out at the chef. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i0 \cf0 The goblins here are unwilling combatants, and have volunteered to work in the dangerous conditions of the kitchen to avoid combat duty. They will defend themselves however. The head chef uses a magical dagger as his chef\'92s knife, and has become quite proficient with it. The two goblin runts on the platform together can use the copper spoon to bash the heads of the adventurers from a position of advantage, attack anyone near at +1 to hit and doing 1d10 damage. They also are protected somewhat and are receive a +1 bonus to their armour class.\
\
The chef will happily engage with anyone who shows the slightest interest in his cooking, and is willing to pay small amounts of money, or provide acceptable rations to anyone who can provide interesting ingredients, with mushrooms, herbs and rabbit being a favourite.\
\
There is enough food that would be edible by the adventurers for months, although much of it will perish over time.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Chef, Goblin Stabber with a +1 magical dagger\
10 Goblin Runts \
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b \cf0 57. Goblin living quarters\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i\b0 \cf0 Nondescript living quarters greet you here. A number of goblin children rush around casing mice with sticks.
\i0  \
\
The goblins, despite out numbering the party, are cowardly and unlikely to attack. They\'92ll probably throw things at the party and rush around screaming.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 12 Goblin Runts \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b \cf0 58. Guard chambers and casino\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i\b0 \cf0 Goblins stand around resting on spears watching another group seeming to be playing some sort of game that involves dice and crude wooden miniatures. A great deal of shouting, pointing and dice rolling is going on, all orchestrated by a larger goblin that seems to have the biggest pile of wooden figures. A crude playing board is chalked out on the table they sit around. 
\i0 \
\
The goblins are so absorbed in their game that don\'92t notice a party that attempts to quietly enter the room. If they are disturbed they\'92ll take to their arms, seemingly fired up by whatever the game is that they\'92re playing. The goblin bully is in charge of the game.\
\
2 Goblin Archer, 3 Goblin Warrior, 1 Goblin Stabber, 1 Goblin Bully 
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b0 \cf0 \

\b 59. Musterhall and Chamberlain Gutso The Fat\'92s room\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i\b0 \cf0 This large chamber is unusual in that there ares columns support in the roof. These intricately carved pillars depict cavorting maidens and snakes. A mouldy curtain half bisects the room at the eastern end. 
\i0\b \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b0 \cf0 Gusto the fat, the kings chamberlain works and often sleeps here. While not unusually clever in other ways he has a head for tallying, counting and remember where things have been left. He\'92ll always have a few goblins around to order about and have run errands. He is cowardly, but his bulk and experience makes him a half-decent fighter, if he has to. Gutso found an iron baton thats has a winged skull head. It\'92s worth 20 g.p. to the right buyer and makes a reasonable club.\
\
1 Goblin Chamberlain, 1d4 Goblin runts, 1d4 goblin warriors. \
\

\b 60. Guards of the King\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i\b0 \cf0 Serious looking armoured goblins with big axes scramble to defensive positions when you enter this large chamber,  and suddenly ear splitting shrieks sound out, coming from what appear to be huge purple mushrooms that are attached to a rotting log. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i0 \cf0 The Shriekers have been especially grown to ignore goblins by the Fungal King. The goblins here are the loyal guards of the King and will brook no intruders. With the shriekers sending out the alarm goblins will start arriving after 4 rounds in random waves for 2d4 rounds. \
\
Each round after the 4th roll a d6 on the following table\
\
1. No goblins arrive. \
2. 1d4 warriors.\
3. 1d4 archers.\
4. 1d8 runts.\
5. 1d4 warriors and a bully.\
6. 1d4 archers, 1d4 warriors and a stabber.\
\
5 Goblin Skull Cleavers, 4 Shriekers\
\

\b 61. Reaping Madkin\'92s lair\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i\b0 \cf0 This soot and ink stained chamber is a bizarre mixture of laboratory and artists workroom. Odd alchemical apparatus lies scattered amongst rough wooden easels that hold simplistic but psychedelic paintings, often depicting mushrooms, swirls of colour, stick men and hybrid animals. Numerous dried things hang from hooks, mushrooms, ears, large beetle shells, rotting eyeballs, mice, candle stubs are all in abundance. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i0 \cf0 Reaping Madkin, a powerful goblin Hexamancer lairs here. He is a complex character and potentially an ally of the adventurers as detailed in the section on the Grubby Dog tribe. Amongst his belongings is a potion of invisibility and a scroll of protection from energy. He also has a forgotten stash of 7 small sapphires worth 25 g.p. In a wooden box under discarded rubbish. He wears a +1 ring of protection and has a dagger. \
\
Reaping Madkin, Goblin Hexamancer with a +1 ring of protection\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b \cf0 62. King Grodsnik Heart Chewer\'92s abode\
\

\b0 \

\b 63. Chamber of silence\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i\b0 \cf0 This strange chamber has been painted black at some point in the past. The goblins have turned it into a storeroom for their junk, and it\'92s full of chipped pots, torn pieces of cloth, broken weapons and empty boxes. 
\i0 \
\
A great enchantment makes this room utterly silent. No noise, however loud can be heard or made in or from it. The goblins find this room too eerie to use, so they turned it into a store room for junk. The goblins therefore haven\'92t found the secret door, which the Star Trap gnomes use to spy on them from time to time. There isn\'92t anything of real worth in here, although there is plenty of wood for fires.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b \cf0 64. Hidden treasures
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i \cf0 This hidden door leads to a small chamber which appears to have had some sort of fire or explosion in it judging by the scorch marks obscuring the walls. A blackened skeleton lies next to an open chest that seems to have retained it\'92s content and contains gold, jewellery and what looks like a potion bottle.
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 The chest is not trapped and the characters are free to take the treasure. Mixed in with the gold is large amounts of copper coins. The monetary treasure works out to 80 gold pieces and 400 copper. There are some simple pieces of jewellery worth 75 g.p., 50 g.p. and two worth 25 g.p., Also sticking out is a potion of healing. \'a0\
The gnomes leave this treasure here in the hope that it\'92ll distract the curious from searching for the second secret door that leads to their watch post on this level. The potion is here for emergencies also. \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b \cf0 65. Strange sigils\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i\b0 \cf0 Nothing marks this small, empty and unknown chamber as interesting except for the runes or sigils that are painted onto the walls. They are reminiscent of the Dwarven Wosternik script, but highly stylised and with odd additions.   \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i0 \cf0 Anyone who speaks Wosternik will think they can make out the symbol for goblin amongst the other unknown elements.
\i  }