{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 83. Obelisk of Insanity level 1 - Chamber Of Violent Runes.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\i\b0 \cf0 As you push open the huge and intimidating doors stale air fills your lungs and for a moment you hear, or think you hear, whispers all about you. You\'92re confronted by a huge semi octagonal chamber, lit by floating cold blue lights throughout. Four coiled pillars of green stone support the room, while the floor is covered in the same white and bloodstone tiles as the main corridors outside. The room is dominated by a huge obelisk in its centre. Cut from some strange crystal, the obelisk\'92s deep purple and blue surface seems to suck in the light around it. Looking directly at the crystal creates a buzzing and squelching in your head that is both unpleasant and seductive at the same time. As you take more of the room in you realise strange rune-like objects orbiting slowly around the obelisk some five feet from the ground. These runes glisten slightly and have soft curves, as if they were made from something organic. Dust and debris litter the floor, suggesting this room is incredibly ancient and has been rarely disturbed.          
\i0\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Two Obelisk keys are required to open the door, three of which can be found on the first level. Inside is the room is the very top of the huge purple obelisk that runs through many of the levels of the dungeon and floating around the obelisk are 12 Farspawn, which appear as runes, held in stasis. If anyone, with or without gloves, touches the Obelisk, the runes awaken, uncurling into their natural shapes, and after 1d4 rounds they attack unless attacked first. The touching character is dazed (-2 to all rolls for 1d4 rounds) as their heads swims with misty visions of the Far Realm. They loses a point of Wisdom but randomly gain 1 point in another stat for 2d4 turns at which point they make a save vs. Spells. A failed save means the change lasts until the end of the next day, while a third fail at this point means the change is permanent and no further saving rolls will help. The character may choose to fail all saves. Each time these runes are destroyed, new, bigger runes will form over a period of several days, until then the transformation power of the obelisk is too weak to function again. The bones of adventurers, along with their equipment lie moulding here. Amongst the debris is a +1 short sword, a scroll of Sleep, Magic Missile and Comprehend Languages all cast at 7
\fs18 \super th
\fs26 \nosupersub  level, a well made battle axe, a suit of dwarven sized chainmail, several daggers and a lizardskin bag containing 400 s.p. and 580 g.p. as well as another two Obelisk keys. The obelisk radiates strongly with psychic power and taints of madness.\'a0The floating lights are insubstantial and cannot be moved. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Engraved on the crystal in an unknown language is the second level spell Contact Zhulbluhb'Tck'Nere. It requires a Read Magic spell or similar to be cast to decipher it\'92s worm-like script. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\b \cf0 The Obelisk Of Insanity
\b0  is a huge spike of condensed mind matter from the Far Realm. It runs through many levels of the dungeon, growing in width and function. Various sages have proposed that the origins of the very first areas of the dungeon were to study or worship the Obelisk. While its powers vary from region to region, it acts as a doorway to things from the Far Realm and many of the aberrant creatures found in the deeps owe it their existence in the mortal world. The Toolizith Coven built magical doors to the chambers that surround the Obelisk and locked them with magical Obelisk keys. Each door requires a number of Obelisk keys to open, the deeper doors needing more keys, so that only the highest members of the order may access the chambers. The obelisk itself appears as huge monolith of dark crystal, run through with veins of purple, shifting mists of deep red and filled with captured stars. It is these very stars that the dungeon gets it's common name from, although this fact is rarely know. While the majority of it's vertical shape is four sided, sections sometimes have up to seven sides. Peering into it for more than a minute causes the local surface to become more and more mirrored, although the reflection is warped, often with enlarged craniums and horrible alien eyes.\'a0\
\
If the door to this chamber is left open for a long duration Dimension Shamblers will start to gather here over time, wandering in from the wider dungeon, and at any point 1d6 Dimension Shamblers will be encountered. Destroyed Farspawn will return after 1d4 days, with an extra hit dice and 4 hit points. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 6 Farspawn Mind Worms, 6 Farspawn Teeth Eels. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Farspawn Mind Worm (AC 5/15, HD 1, Hp 4, At +0 1pt*, Mv 90/30 Levitation, Sv F1 Mr 12, Al CE) Aberration\
Lamprey-like bite attack, if successful the victim must save versus mind effecting spells or lose 1d4 points of Wisdom for 2d4 turns, roll only once for duration. If reduced to below 3, the victim goes insane, attacking friend or foe at random. After the first round this wisdom drain is automatic, but does no further hit point loss.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340
\cf0 Farspawn Teeth Eel (AC 4/16, HD 2, Hp 12, At +1 1d6, Mv 90/30 Levitation, Sv F1 Mr 12, Al CE) Aberration\
Gnawing bite attack. \
}