{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Grubby Dog Goblin tribe
\b0  \'96 The Grubby Dog goblin tribe is down on its luck and fractured. Some goblins follow the Barghest Lord Horse Gutter have named themselves the Purple Bruise clan, while others follow the tribal leader Grodsnik Heart Chewer and are called the First To Eat clan. The tribe is in grave danger from the Screaming Two Skulls, who will soon overrun, enslave and then eat them all. The First To Eat clan are potential allies against the merciless Pig Faced Orcs that lair further in the labyrinth. Reaping Madkin, the First To Eat shaman has a pact with the Mushroom King, who provides hallucinogenic mushrooms in return for rotten logs. The shaman believes the mushrooms gives him visions of the future and in one such vision some months ago he saw a band of outsiders defeat goblins from his tribe before turning their might on the Screaming Two Skulls. He will bargain with adventurers, if they have fought the Purple Bruise clan and been victorious telling them what he knows of the level in exchange for an agreement to deal with the Screaming Two Skulls, whose location he knows roughly. The shaman knows about the Mushroom caves and the Beetle herder. He can direct them to the Orange Tree and warn them about the elementals as well as tell them where the Angry Owlbear is.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 While the Purple Bruise and First To Eat clan leaders are fighting a cold war against each other, the rank and file freely mix and often swap sides depending on who has less work and more food. If the party are winning against one group, the others will know about it and react accordingly, most likely becoming better organised and bolstering their defences with snipers and traps. The DM is advised to have the goblins take pot shots at them, lead them into traps and generally become more organised as the party overcomes their lairs. \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Goblins of the Grubby Dog tribe enjoy having lots of pockets and occasionally have items of worth in them. Roll 1d8 on the Goblin Pockets table to see what a goblin is carrying, adding the HD-1 of the goblin to the roll. Goblin runts are not powerful or crafty enough to keep hold of items, so don't roll for them.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 1.\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 Dried rats tails, beetle shells, a brass wheel, part-boiled sprouts or shriveled eyes.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 2.\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 Moldy bread, 6 arrow heads, 6 iron spikes or a pair of small lenses.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 3.\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 Tough string, 3 tiny bells or useless keys.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 4.\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 Liquorish roots, hard boiled eggs or a small jar of cooked beans.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 5.\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 1d10 copper pieces
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 6.\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 An empty potion vial or a scroll case with several pieces of blank paper
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 7.\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 2d10 silver pieces, a good tinderbox, lockpicks or a working compass
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 8.\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 1d8 electrum pieces
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 9.\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 1d8 gold pieces
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 10+.\'a0\'a0 2d6 gold pieces}